
Grooverider Presents: The Prototype Years is a drum and bass compilation album by DJ Grooverider. It was released in 1997 on his label, Prototype Recordings.
A second CD containing a DJ mix of every track on the first CD, including 4 other tracks released on Prototype Recordings, was included with the CD version of the album. "Subway" by Ed Rush appears on the compilation vinyl disc, but not on the compilation CD, for unknown reasons. "Subway" is later included in the DJ mix CD.
== Track listing ==
First Cd / Vinyl 1:
Codename John - Dreams of Heaven
John B - Secrets
Optical - Grey Odyssey
Matrix - Mute
Codename John - Deep inside
Dillinja - Silver Blade
Ed Rush & Fierce - Locust
Codename John - Warned
Boymerang - Still
Lemon D - City Lights
Mix CD / Vinyl:
Optical - Grey Odyssey
Ed Rush - Subway
Matrix - Mute
Lemon D - Going Gets Tuff (also known as "Going Gets Tough")
John B - Secrets
Dillinja - Silver Blade
Codename John - Dreams of Heaven
Boymerang - Still
Cybotron feat. Dillinja - Threshold
Codename John - Deep Inside
Ed Rush & Fierce - Locust
Lemon D - City Lights
Codename John - Warned
Boymerang, Dom & Roland, Optical - Still VIP Mix
== References ==


The 1896 New Year Honours were appointments by Queen Victoria to various orders and honours to reward and highlight good works by members of the British Empire. They were published on 1 January 1896.
The recipients of honours are displayed here as they were styled before their new honour, and arranged by honour, with classes (Knight, Knight Grand Cross, etc.) and then divisions (Military, Civil, etc.) as appropriate.
== Order of the Star of India ==
=== Knight Grand Commander (GCSI) ===
(Extra) The Right Honourable Beilby, Lord Wenlock, GCIE, Governor of the Presidency of Madras
=== Knights Commander (KCSI) ===
Lieutenant-General Sir Henry Brackenbury, RA, KCB, Member of the Council of the Governor-General of India.
Mansinghji Sarsinghji Thakore Saheb of Palitana
=== Companions (CSI) ===
Major-General Montagu Gilbert Gerard, CB, Indian Staff Corps.
Lieutenant-Colonel David William Keith Barr, Agent to the Governor-General in Central India.
Denzil Charles Jelf Ibbetson, Esq, Indian Civil Service.
James John Digges La Touche, Esq, Indian Civil Service.
Arthur Upton Fanshawe, Esq, Indian Civil Service.
== Order of the Indian Empire ==
=== Knights Grand Commander (GCIE) ===
Sir Alfred Comyn Lyall, KCB, KCIE, Member of the Council of India
=== Knights Commander (KCIE) ===
Nawab Secundar Jung Ikbal-ud Dowlah, Iktadarul-Mulk, Vikar-ul-Umara, Bahadur, Prime Minister to His Highness the Nizam of Hyderabad.
Major-General Thomas Dennehy, Bengal Army (Retired), CIE (Extra)
=== Companions (CIE) ===
James Grose, Esq, Member of the Council of the Governor of Madras.
Patrick Playfair, Esq, Additional Member of the Governor-General's Legislative Council.
Rana Dhalip Singh, Chief of Baghat.
Frederick John Johnstone, Esq, Secretary, and Chief Engineer, Public Works Department, Government of Bengal.
Colonel Richmond Irvine Crawford, Indian Staff Corps.
Charles Falkiner MacCartie, Esq, Indian Civil Service.
Richard Morris Dane, Esq, Indian Civil Service.
Surgeon-Lieutenant-Colonel Samuel Haslett Browne, MD, Indian Medical Service.
Rash Behary Ghose, MA
Waman Abaji Modak, BA
Frank Henry Cook, Esq
== Order of St Michael and St George ==
=== Knights Commander (KCMG) ===
The Honourable Philip Oakley Fysh, Treasurer and formerly Premier of the Colony of Tasmania.
William Crofton Twynam, Esq, CMG, on retirement, after fifty years service, from the office of Government Agent for the Northern Province of the Island of Ceylon.
=== Companions (CMG) ===
Captain the Honourable Assheton Gore Curzon Howe, RN, CB, for special services rendered while engaged in the protection of the Newfoundland Fisheries.
Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Colonel William Hillier Holborow, commanding the 3rd Regiment of Infantry of the Colony of New South Wales.
Captain Raleigh Grey, on relinquishing the Appointment of Lieutenant-Colonel Commandant of the British Bechuanaland Border Police.
Captain John Irvine Lang, RE, for services in connection with the Railway Survey and the delimitation of the Western Boundary of the Gold Coast Colony.
William Valentine Robinson, Esq, Clerk of ihe Legislative Assembly of the Colony of Victoria.
Henry Alfred Alford Nicholls, Esq, MD, Medical Officer of Public Institutions of the Island of Dominica.
== References ==


The Castle of Siklós is a medieval castle in Siklós, Hungary.
== History ==
The castle was built by Baron János György Benyó in the 13th century in the town of Siklós in the southern part of Hungary near Pécs. The building is noted for its Gothic and Renaissance style architecture. The oldest building is in the southern part of the residential wing. 
It was first mentioned in a charter from 1294, named as the property of the Soklyosi family. In 1387, the castle was taken away from that family by Sigismund, then king of Hungary, as punishment for a failed rebellion against him. It later became the property of the Garai family. In 1401 disgruntled nobles led by Count György II Benyóvszky temporarily imprisoned King Sigismund in the castle. After a three day battle in 1543, the castle was captured by the Ottoman Turks.
By the 16th century the next owner was the palatine (viceroy) Imre Perényi. From 1728 Siklós belonged to the counts of Batthyány. Legend has it that a giant snake guarded the treasures in the basement.  The castle also houses a chapel built in the 14th and 15th centuries. The castle was built and owned by the Benyóvszky de Siklósvar branch of the family until it was nationalized in 1948.
In World War II the castle was heavily damaged, and between the end of the war and the death of Count Rudólf II Benyóvszky de Siklósvar in 1955 it was taken over by the state. In 1955 archaeological research and restoration was started, and the castle began operating as a museum and hotel.
In 2009, the castle was renovated, opening to the public in 2011.
== Gallery ==
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
== References ==
== External links ==
Siklósi vár (in Hungarian)
Baranya (county) at Britannica
Siklós Castle (photos) at Siklós Municipal Website


Cardiocrinum cathayanum is a species of Chinese plants in the lily family, with large showy flowers. It is native to the Provinces of Anhui, Fujian, Henan, Hubei, Hunan, Jiangsu, Jiangxi, and Zhejiang.
Cardiocrinum cathayanum is similar to the more widespread and commonly cultivated C. giganteum, but it C. cathayanum generally has only 3-5 flowers per raceme, as compared to 10-16 flowers in C. giganteum.
== References ==
== External links ==
Flora of China Illustrations vol. 24,fig. 119, 1-4


The term North Slavic languages is used in three main senses:
for a number of proposed groupings or subdivisions of the Slavic languages. However, "North Slavic" is not widely used in this sense. Modern scholars usually divide the Slavic languages into West Slavic, East Slavic, and South Slavic.
for the West Slavic and East Slavic languages considered as a combined unit, particularly when contrasted to South Slavic languages.
for a number of constructed languages that were created in the 20th and 21st century, and have been derived from existing Slavic languages.
== Proposed subdivisions ==
Historically, the term "North Slav" has been used in academia since at least the first half of the 19th century. Since then the concept continued to see use in various publications.
The following uses of the term "North Slavs" or "North Slavic" are found:
'North Slavs', 'Northslavs' or 'North Hungarian Slavs' were used as synonyms for the combination of Slovaks and Rusyns living in the northern parts of the Kingdom of Hungary (1526–1867) within the Austrian Empire by several Slavic authors and politicians writing between 1848 and 1861. They imagined Slovaks and Rusyns to be one nation or ethnic group consisting of two equal tribes (although Moravčík 1861 regarded Rusyns as a subordinate tribe to the Slovak nation) that inhabited a shared ethno-territory (Slovakia and Subcarpathia/Transcarpathia) and was entitled to political representation in the Imperial Council of Austria.
'North Slavs', 'Czechoslavs' and 'Slovaks' were used as synonyms for the combination of Czechs, Slovaks and Rusniaks/Rustines (Rusyns) by Ján Thomášek (1841). The ethno-territory that he imagined corresponds with that of the later First Czechoslovak Republic (1918–1938).
As a synonym for the combination of Czechs, Slovaks, and Poles (nowadays more commonly known as 'West Slavs').
As an extinct branch of Slavic. Anatoli Zhuravlyov suggested that a separate, now extinct, branch of North Slavic languages once existed, different from both South, West, and East Slavic. The dialect formerly spoken in the vicinity of Novgorod (the Old Novgorod dialect) contains several Proto-Slavic archaisms that did not survive in any other Slavic language, and may be considered a remnant of an ancient North Slavic branch. Another candidate is Slovincian in the Lekhitic subgroup.
An as alternative to or combination of the West Slavic and East Slavic languages into one group, due to the fact that the South Slavic dialects were geographically cut off by the Hungarian settlement of the Pannonian plain in the 9th century along with Austria and Romania being geographical barriers, in addition to the Black Sea. Due to this geographical separation, the North Slavs and South Slavs developed independently of each other with noteworthy cultural differences; as such, various theorists claim that the language communities often grouped into West and East Slavic sub-branches share enough linguistic characteristics to be categorised together as North Slavs. North Slavonic peoples today include the Belarusians, Czechs, Poles, Rusyns, Russians, Slovaks, Sorbs, and Ukrainians. Ukrainian and Belarusian have both been hugely influenced by Polish in the past centuries due to their geographic and cultural proximity, as well as due to the Polonisation of the Ruthenian population of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth.
The greatest disparities within the Slavic language family are between South Slavic tongues and the rest of the Slavonic languages.
Professor Michał Łesiów once said that "there are no two languages in the Slavic area that were as equally close to each other as Polish and Ruthenian". According to Kostiantyn Tyshchenko, Ukrainian shares 70% common vocabulary with Polish and 66% with Slovak, which puts them both ahead of Russian (at 62%) in their lexical proximity to Ukrainian. Furthermore, Tyschenko identified 82 grammatical and phonetic features of the Ukrainian tongue – Polish, Czech and Slovak share upwards of 20 of these characteristics with Ukrainian, whereas Russian apparently only 11. In contrast to other dialects of Slovak, Eastern dialects (sometimes called Slovjak) are less intelligible with Czech and more with Polish and Rusyn. Much overlap can be found between the Northwest and Northeast branches, as even some authors who use the West Slavic and East Slavic categories sometimes utilise the North Slav model instead where it is relevant. Tomasz Kamusella writes that where linguistic continua are considered to start and end is usually dictated by politics rather than linguistics, which is the case among North Slavonic nations too. Majority North Slavonic groups today include the Belarusians, Czechs, Kashubians, Poles, Silesians, Rusyns, Russians, Slovaks, Sorbs, and Ukrainians. The language areas of the North Slavs and South Slavs have been separated by a broad zones containing three other language communities, namely German, Hungarian, and Romanian.
In terms of language, the greatest contrasts are evident between South Slavic tongues and the rest of the family. Moreover, there are many exceptions and whole dialects that break the division of East and West Slavic languages. According to this view, it makes more sense to divide the Slavs into two main linguistic groups: the North Slavs and the South Slavs, which can then be further categorised as the Northwest tongues (Czech, Kashubian, Polish, Silesian, Slovak, and Sorbian) and the Northeast ones (Belarusian, Russian, Rusyn, and Ukrainian) – whereas the Southern branch is split into the widely accepted groups of the Southwest languages (Serbo-Croatian and Slovene) and the Southeast tongues (Bulgarian and Macedonian). This model is argued as being more appropriate and linguistically accurate than the triple dissection of east, west and south. Geographer O.T. Ford also writes of the Slavs being "conventionally" divided into three sub-branches (West, East, South), but "in reality" divided only by geographic isolation into two bands that form two dialect continua: North and South – a view mirrored by linguist Tomasz Kamusella.  Tracing back to the Greek East and Latin West split in Late Antiquity, there are cultural divisions within the North Slavonic language family with regard to writing systems and religions: the West Slavic languages mostly use versions of the Latin script and have or historically had a Catholic-majority population, while the East Slavic languages are usually written in the Cyrillic script and have or historically had an Orthodox-majority population. A similar east-west split exists for people speaking South Slavic languages in the Balkans, although the Latin script is spreading in countries where Serbo-Croatian is frequently spoken and the majority population is Orthodox, such as Montenegro. The North Slavic and South Slavic-speaking territories are thus both generally geographically divided between Eastern and Western Christianity, and the great majority of all Eastern Orthodox believers in the world are found in the eastern parts of both the North Slavic and South Slavic areas, while a minority are Eastern-rite Catholics.
The concept has also been utilised in the archaeological studies as well as that of the pre-Christian beliefs of Slavic peoples in the Early Middle Ages by scholars in the 2010s.
== Constructed languages ==
"North Slavic" has been used as a name for several 20th- and 21st-century constructed languages forming a fictional North Slavic branch of the Slavic languages. Their main inspiration is the lack of a North Slavic branch vis-à-vis the traditional West, East and South Slavic branches. Usually, they are part of a larger alternative history scheme and may be based on elements from Old Novgorodian or North Russian dialects, historical pidgins like Russenorsk or interference from non-Slavic languages such as the Uralic languages, the Baltic languages or the North Germanic languages. The best-known examples of constructed North Slavic languages are:
Sevorian (Sievrøsku, 1992), the language of a fictional island in the Baltic Sea;
three Uralic-inspired languages from the alternative history project Ill Bethisad:
Vozgian (Vŭozgašchai, 1996),
Nassian (Naŝica/Nasika, 2001) and
Skuodian (2002); and
Novegradian (Новеградескей лизике, Novegradeskej lizike, 2006), a project embedded in a highly elaborated fictional context.
Also included in the group of fictional North Slavic languages are five interrelated language projects (Seversk, Slavëni, Slavisk, Lydnevi, Mrezian) created around 2001 by Libor Sztemon, although they lack a fictional background and an explanation what exactly qualifies them as North Slavic.
== See also ==
South Germanic
== References ==
== Bibliography ==
Comrie, Bernard; Corbett, Greville G., The Slavonic languages (London, 2003), pp. 75 & 114–120.
Danylenko, Andrii, 2006, "The 'Greek Accusative' vs. the 'New Slavic Accusative' in the Impersonal Environment: an Areal or Structural Discrepancy?", in: Andrii Danylenko, "Slavica et Islamica. Ukrainian in Context". München: Otto Sagner Verlag, 243-265.
Hult, Arne, "On the verbal morphology of the South Slavic languages (in comparison with the North Slavic languages, especially Russian", Papers from First Conference on Formal Approaches to South Slavic Languages. Plovdiv October 1995. Dragvoll, University of Trondheim, Linguistics Department (= University of Trondheim. Working Papers in Linguistics 28), ss. 105-35. (23)
Kamusella, Tomasz; Nomachi, Motoki; Gibson, Catherine (2016). The Palgrave Handbook of Slavic Languages, Identities and Borders. London: Palgrave Macmillan. p. 561. ISBN 9781137348395.
Kortlandt, Frederik, "Early dialectal diversity in South Slavic II", in: Dutch Contributions to the Thirteenth International Congress of Slavists, Ljubljana: Linguistics (SSGL 30). Amsterdam – New York: Rodopi, 2003, 215-235. 
Kortlandt, Frederik, From Proto-Indo-European to Slavic
Timberlake, Alan, 1978, "On the History of the Velar Phonemes in North Slavic" [in Russian with English synopsis]. In Henrik Birnbaum, ed., American Contributions to the Eighth International Congress of Slavists, vol. 1, Linguistics and Poetics. Columbus, OH: Slavica Publishers.
Tommola, Hannu, 2000, "On the Perfect in North Slavic." Östen Dahl (ed.), Tense and Aspect in the Languages of Europe. Berlin: Mouton de Gruyter, 441-478.


Desmococcus is the scientific name of two genera of organisms and may refer to:
Desmococcus (alga), a genus of algae in the family Prasiolaceae
Desmococcus (insect), a genus of scale insects in the family Pityococcidae


Đông Hà station is one of the main railway stations on the North–South railway (Reunification Express) in Vietnam. It serves the city of Đông Hà.
== References ==


The men's flyweight 52 kg boxing event at the 2019 European Games in Minsk was held from 23 to 29 June at the Uruchie Sports Palace.
== Results ==
== References ==
== External links ==
Draw Sheet


Urness is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Ted Urness (1937–2018), American football player
Zoë Marieh Urness (born 1984), Native American photographer
== See also ==
Urnes (disambiguation)
Urness Township, Douglas County, Minnesota


The FCA Global Small Engine (or GSE, marketed as FireFly) is a family of engines produced by Fiat Chrysler Automobiles (FCA) starting in 2016, and subsequently produced by Stellantis, gradually replacing the FIRE (including MultiAir versions) and SGE (TwinAir) units.
It is a modular design (thus, inline-3 and inline-4 guises share the same unitary displacement and components such as pistons and connecting rods, so are able to be produced on the same production line), with aluminum cylinder heads and blocks and 77.0 mm cylinder bore spacing for all types.
It was introduced in 2016 in simple naturally aspirated, 2-valve per cylinder with VVT, indirect injected, flex-fuel 1.0 inline-3 and 1.3 inline-4 versions for the South American market under the hood of the 2017 Brazilian Fiat Uno.
Next, it was introduced in 2018 to European and North American markets, in turbocharged, 4-valve per cylinder, direct-injected and MultiAir III versions, under the hood of the 2019 Jeep Renegade and Fiat 500X facelifts.
In 2020, it was introduced to European and North American markets, in MHEV, 4-valve per cylinder and direct-injected versions, under the hood of the 2020 Fiat 500, Fiat Panda (319) and Lancia Ypsilon (846).
== Applications ==
=== South America ===
=== Europe/North America ===
== See also ==
MultiAir
Fully Integrated Robotised Engine FIRE engine
JTD engine
List of engines used in Chrysler products
== References ==


The "Dnipro-1" Regiment (Ukrainian: Полк «Дніпро-1») is a Special Tasks Patrol Police regiment subordinated to Ministry of Internal Affairs of Ukraine. The regiment is based in Dnipro.
The Dnipro-1 was one the first official Ukrainian volunteer battalions to be created. The unit also has a football club of the Ukrainian Premier League named SC Dnipro-1, named after the unit.
== History ==
The unit was first established as "Dnipro-1" Special Tasks Patrol Police Battalion in April 2014 on a voluntary basis as the response to 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine. Its assignments included duties at multiple checkpoints in the south-eastern part of Ukraine. The unit claimed to have hired Romanian and Georgian military advisers to help with the training of troops. Before June 2014 this training was often just one week. It first operated outside Dnipropetrovsk Oblast in May 2014.
The militia unit, nicknamed Kolomoyskyi's battalion, was funded by the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Ukraine and also through the charitable organization "Fund Dnipro-1". Ukrainian oligarch Ihor Kolomoyskyi (who was Governor of Dnipropetrovsk Oblast during the 2014 pro-Russian conflict in Ukraine) is believed to have spent $10 million to create the unit.
Commander of the unit Yuriy Bereza is since the 2014 Ukrainian parliamentary election a member of the Ukrainian parliament for the People's Front; he was placed 10th on the party's election list. Member of the unit Volodymyr Parasyuk was also elected into parliament during these elections by winning the electoral district of Yavoriv with 56.56% of the votes.
The unit was involved in the liberation of Lyman during the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine.
== Human rights violations and war crimes ==
Reports (2016) published by the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights documented a worrying case of punitive damage to property in Donetsk by members of the armed groups targeting the house of a member of the Government-affiliated 'Dnipro-1' battalion. "On 20 January, a group of ‘Dnipro-1’ battalion members raided a house in Avdiivka, severely beating a man, subjecting him to asphyxiation with a plastic bag and mock execution."
From the reports (2016) by Global Rights Compliance LLP: "For example, <UN Human Rights Monitoring Mission in Ukraine> has documented specific allegations of enforced disappearances, arbitrary detention and ill-treatment by the members of volunteer battalions such as "Aydar", "Dnipro-1", "Kyiv-1" and "Kyiv-2"; "The Volodymyr Kulmatytsky case gives rise to similar questions concerning the absence of war crimes charges. The accused persons in this case were charged with illegal confinement (Article 146(2)) and illegally handling arms (Article 263(1)). It is alleged that Mr Kulmatytsky, former deputy mayor of Sloviansk, was kidnapped by three soldiers and one commander (Mr. A) of the Battalion Dnipro-1 (Ukrainian police) and murdered later that day by Mr. A. Mr. A was informed that Mr. Kulmatytsky was involved in financing DPR formations".
On 24 December 2014, Amnesty International reported that the unit was blocking humanitarian aid sent from Ukraine by another Ukrainian oligarch Rinat Akhmetov reaching the population in the separatist-controlled areas; over half the population in these areas depend on food aid. The reason the aid was being blocked by the Dnipro, Aidar and Donbas battalions is that the battalions "believe food and clothing are ending up in the wrong hands and may be sold instead of being given as humanitarian aid." Denis Krivosheev, acting Director of Europe and Central Asia for Amnesty International, stated that "using starvation of civilians as a method of warfare is a war crime".
== Structure ==
Management & Headquarters
 1st Armored Company
 2nd Infantry Company
 3rd Aerorozvidka Group
 4th Kryvbas Company
 5th Donetsk-1 Company
 6th Krym Company
== References ==
== External links ==
Volunteer detachments fighting in Donbas (in Ukrainian)


William Baylor Hartland (1836–1912) was a plantsman from Ireland.
== Family ==
WB Hartland's grandfather, Richard Hartland (1745–1821), came to Ireland from the Kew Botanic Gardens in 1776 to become the gardener to the Earl of Kingston at Mitchelstown where he remained until 1785. Richard Hartland established a nursery at Belview, Mallow, in 1787.
Each of Richard Hartland's three sons operated nurseries in County Cork: Arthur Hartland established a nursery at Turner's Cross, Richard Hartland Jr the Lough Nursery, and William Hartland (d.1843) operated the Mallow business. The latter relocated the business to Cork in 1810.
In turn, William Hartland's two sons, William Baylor Hartland (1836–1912) and Henry Albert Hartland (1840–1893) became respectively a plantsman and artist.
== Career ==
From 1878, WB Hartland operated a nursery at Temple Hill, before moving the business a short distance to Ard Cairn, Ballintemple, in 1890. His bulb farm was approximately 10 acres (40,000 m2). Hartland sent flowers from his farm to various markets, including the one at Covent Garden.  He also maintained the "Old Established Garden Seed Ware-House" at 24 Patrick Street, Cork.
Hartland was a Guardian of the Cork Union and started a scheme of prizes for country plots. He called attention to the need for agricultural education and advocated the growing of early vegetables and flowers along the southern Irish seaboard.
He was also a florist and seedsman who was a supplier to Queen Victoria. He was awarded Silver Banksian Medal by the Royal Horticultural Society in London May 1903.
== Collection and legacy ==
Hartland began collecting bulbs around 1880, often acquiring them from old Irish gardens.  While no species of narcissus is native to Ireland, the climatic conditions have proven favourable for the appearance of self-sown seeding varieties over a long period. In the 19th century, collectors in Ireland, such as Hartland and Fanny Currey, discovered narcissus varieties which were unknown elsewhere.   For example, Hartland found the 'Bishop Mann' variety in an old garden of the Dioceses of St. Finbarr's, where Bishop Mann had been the last resident. The bulbs had been planted 150 years before at Bishopstown, now a suburb of Cork.
Hartland's first daffodil catalogue was A little book of daffodils nearly 100 varieties as offered and collected by W.B.Hartland. The early catalogues were whimsical, and did not always find favour with the horticultural establishment. His niece, Gertrude Hartland, illustrated many of his catalogues, including the influential Floral Album of Daffodils (1890) and later editions. The catalog for 1907-8 includes a list of old Irish apples entitled 'old lamps for new lamps'.
In 1890, Hartland located an old species now known as 'Ard Cairn Russet', a late keeping apple, and sent samples to the Royal Horticultural Society.  He also collected tulips from Irish gardens and introduced the 'Mrs. Moon' variety.  Outside of gardening, Hartland is known for producing a colourful tourist guide after a trip to the west of Ireland.  He is also remembered by the naming of the Hartland's Avenue/Road area of Cork City in Lough Parish, the location of one of his nurseries.
== References ==


Sphulingo (transl. Spark; Bengali: স্ফুলিঙ্গ) is a 2021 Bangladeshi film written and directed by Tauquir Ahmed. The story revolves around a rising independent music band formed by university students, exploring their family bonds, love, and conflicts, along with their patriotism inspired by Sheikh Mujib's ideals. The film draws parallels between the courage of young people who participated in Bangladesh's Liberation War and the struggles of contemporary youth. The main cast includes Shamol Mawla, Zakia Bari Momo, Pori Moni, Mamunur Rashid, Abul Hayat, Shahidul Alam Sachchu, Rawnak Hasan, Fakhrul Bashar Masum, and Hasnat Ripon.
On 11 December 2020, the development of the film began under the banner of Nakshatra Cholochitro and produced by Shopner Bangladesh Foundation. Filming took place over 26 working days in various locations in Gazipur, Brahmanbaria, and Manikganj. The music for the film was composed by Pintu Ghosh and Rokoni Iman, with post-production editing done in Kolkata. The film was released in Bangladesh on Independence Day in 2021 through Abhi Kathachitra and in U.S. theaters on 18 March 2022, distributed by Bioscope.
The film received acclaim for its unique plot, production, dialogue, authentic performances, and music. Sphulingo also earned the National Film Award for Best Dialogue.
== Plot ==
Partho, Irene, and Jafar are students at a contemporary Bangladeshi university. Partho is an economics student who writes poetry and sings in his spare time. Irene and Jafar, along with a few other classmates, are members of an amateur university music band, with Jafar as the lead vocalist. During a concert, a well-known musician, Raju, invites the band to perform with him. By chance, Partho ends up performing in Jafar's place. Impressed by their performance, Raju invites them to participate in an upcoming Victory Day concert. Irene then invites Partho to join their band and write a new original song for the Victory Day concert. Jafar, who is infatuated with Irene, struggles to accept this. To inspire the group, Partho encourages everyone to read books on Bangladesh's Liberation War and the works of Sheikh Mujibur Rahman. Partho also draws inspiration from watching the historic 7th March speech. As they read, everyone except Jafar imagines themselves as freedom fighters in training.
Partho visits his girlfriend Diba's house and discusses the country with her freedom-fighter father. Partho becomes deeply engaged in conversations about the Liberation War. The scene shifts to the past, depicting the Pakistani army's planned massacre on 25 March 1971. It also shows George Harrison and others performing the song "Bangla Desh" at the Concert for Bangladesh in New York's Madison Square Garden, raising awareness and support for the refugees. Recently, Partho performs this song at a concert, earning praise from the audience. However, Partho's teacher in the classroom disapproves of patriotic songs, labeling them as "political songs," and discourages Partho from singing, insisting that the university is a place for studies, not politics. The teacher often humiliates Partho in class.
Later, Partho and his friends are returning home late at night with banned drinks in their car when the police stop and interrogate them. The scene then shifts to 1971, where two young freedom fighters are among the passengers on a bus. The bus is stopped by Pakistani soldiers, who interrogate the passengers. When asked for their identity, the freedom fighters claim to be students and show their ID cards.
Partho's father is unable to receive his pension due to demands for a bribe at the government accounting office. When he goes to speak with the official in charge, Partho accompanies him. Despite their efforts, the official delays processing the pension because they refuse to pay the bribe. Frustrated, Partho loses his temper and physically confronts the accountant, but others intervene to stop him. Feeling despondent, Partho returns home and watches Sheikh Mujib's speech urging government employees to work for the welfare of the people.
Their music band is selected to perform at the Victory Day concert, and a celebration is held at Irene's house. Exhausted, Partho falls asleep there. Meanwhile, Diba's father falls ill and is admitted to the hospital. The next morning, Partho visits the hospital and apologizes to Diba for keeping his phone off and not being able to come during the crisis. Overhearing their conversation from his cabin, Diba's father senses their romantic relationship and later arranges for Diba to marry Asif.
Partho composes a patriotic song, but Jafar disapproves. Jafar's father, Azmat, urges Partho's teacher to suppress patriotic sentiments at the university. Irene and others plan to perform the song without Partho, but Jafar refuses. After they leave, Jafar confesses his feelings to Irene, but she rejects him. Irene, troubled by her mother's relationship with a younger man and her family's emotional distance, becomes depressed.
Meanwhile, Diba confesses her love to Asif. Partho intentionally fails his exam, leading to a university protest. Amid the chaos, Partho's father falls ill, and Partho and Diba decide to marry. Partho seeks a loan from Irene but finds her intoxicated and returns empty-handed. In a flashback, young freedom fighters are captured, tortured, and killed by the Pakistani army during the Siddhirganj operation for refusing to cooperate.
At the end, Partho is arrested for raping Irene. While in jail, he learns of his father's death and endures police interrogation and torture. Diba agrees to marry Asif in exchange for legal help to free Partho. The trial reveals Jafar, not Partho, as Irene's rapist. The university investigation shows Partho was deliberately failed in his exam. Azmat is arrested while trying to flee the country amid an investigation into his anti-Bangladesh activities. Asif breaks his promise and reunites Diba with Partho. At the Victory Day concert, Partho, Irene, Diba, and the band perform a patriotic song with Raju.
== Cast ==
Shamol Mawla as Partha
Pori Moni as Diba 
Rawnak Hasan as Asif
Zakia Bari Momo as Airin
Abul Hayat
Mamunur Rashid
Shahidul Alam Sachchu
== Production ==
The film is the seventh film directed by Tauquir Ahmed. During the COVID-19 lockdown in the United States, Tauquir spent two months writing the screenplay. He prioritized casting regular stage and television actors for the film. On 9 December 2020, the film's announcement was made, revealing the main cast. Although Fazlur Rahman Babu was initially included, he ultimately did not participate. Abul Hayat, Shahidul Alam Sachchu, and Raonak Hasan, who had previously worked with Tauquir on Fagun Haway, were cast again for Sphulingo.
The development of the film began on 11 December, primarily in various locations in Gazipur district. Indoor scenes were shot at Nakkhatra Bari in Rajendrapur, while outdoor scenes were filmed in locations such as Madhumati Model Town, the Martyred Intellectuals Memorial, the Shitalakkhya River in Kapasia, Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujibur Rahman Agricultural University, and Kharera village in Kasba, Brahmanbaria. Some scenes included the use of a bus from the Bangladesh Liberation War, with these scenes shot in Manikganj. Cinematography by Enamul Haque Sohel completed the filming in 26 days. Post-production, including editing by Amit Debnath, and some additional work, was done in Kolkata. The film's dialogue was translated into English by Arib Ahmed and Mousumi Roy Chowdhury.
== Music ==
The music composition, arrangement, and direction were handled by Pintu Ghosh and Rokon Emon. Pintu Ghosh had previously worked on the music for Tauquir Ahmed's films Oggatonama, Haldaa, and Fagun Haway. For Sphulingo, three original songs were created, along with a re-arrangement of George Harrison's "Bangla Desh," performed during the 1971 Concert for Bangladesh. The film also features songs by Lalon, Shah Abdul Karim, Hason Raja, Apel Mahmood, Khyapa Baul, and Rizvi. The original songs were released on YouTube in the channel of Tiger Media.
=== Track listing ===
== Marketing and release ==
The promotion of the film was limited to the release of its trailer, posters, and interviews with the cast and crew. Unlike other films directed by Tauquir Ahmed, it did not receive a large-scale promotional campaign. On 1 March, a trailer was released featuring the historic 7 March speech, scenes from the Liberation War, and contemporary youth perspectives.
The Bangladesh Film Censor Board granted the film a clearance certificate on 14 March 2021. The planned release date was postponed twice, initially set for 17 March and later 19 March, before finally being released on 26 March, Bangladesh's Independence Day, in 35 theaters across the country, distributed by Avi Kathachitra. Following its theatrical run, the film was made available on the OTT platform Toffee. Sphulingo was also released internationally on 18 March 2022, in 23 theaters across the United States, distributed by Bioscope Films USA.
== Reception ==
Marzia Akter from Kaler Kantho praised Tauquir Ahmed for "seamlessly blending the philosophy and thoughts of the Father of the Nation with the Liberation War of 1971 and connecting them to the current generation." She commended the film's music, lighting, sound design, editing, and the performances of the lead actors Shyamol Mawla, Pori Moni, and Momo, as well as the supporting cast. However, she criticized the repetitive use of the same locations, which she felt disrupted the film's aesthetic and credibility, and mentioned that compromises in cinematography occasionally affected the film's continuity.
In a mixed review, Salahuddin Lavlu from Samakal characterized Sphulingo as a well-made film. He lauded the performances of all actors, particularly Pori Moni for her restrained acting, and positively highlighted Tauquir and Pintu's contributions to production management and music direction. However, he noted that the film's first half felt slow-paced, stating, "The gripping momentum that should have persisted from start to finish was somewhat lacking."
== Accolades ==
== References ==
== External links ==
Sphulingo at Bangla Movie Database
Official website


Shan Liu (Chinese: 山寮) is a village in Sai Kung District, Hong Kong.
== Administration ==
Shan Liu is a recognized village under the New Territories Small House Policy.
== History ==
At the time of the 1911 census, the population of Shan Liu was 73. The number of males was 33.
== References ==
== Further reading ==
Hamilton, Eric; Schofield, Walter; Peplow, S. H.; Tsui, Paul; Coates, Austin; Hayes, James (2010). "Chapter 6. Sai Kung Peninsula". In Strickland, John (ed.). Southern District Officer Reports: Islands and Villages in Rural Hong Kong, 1910-60. Hong Kong University Press. pp. 259–260. ISBN 9789888028382.
== External links ==
Delineation of area of existing village Shan Liu (Sai Kung) for election of resident representative (2019 to 2022)


Christine N. Jones (born 1968) is an American business executive, civic leader, author, and politician from Phoenix, Arizona. Jones unsuccessfully sought the Republican nomination for governor of Arizona in the 2014 election; she lost to Arizona State Treasurer Doug Ducey. In 2016, Jones ran for the United States Congress, narrowly losing the Republican primary to State Senate President Andy Biggs.
== Biography ==
Jones was born in Virginia Beach, Virginia and raised in Denver, Colorado. She is married to Gary Jones, her husband of 29 years. Jones earned a degree in accounting from Auburn University and a J.D. from Whittier Law School.
== Career ==
Jones served as General Counsel and Executive Vice President of The Go Daddy Group Inc., until 2012 where she managed all legal affairs, most notably issues relating to intellectual property.
Jones frequently represented Go Daddy and its industry as a witness at congressional hearings about various issues related to the Internet. She helped drive federal Internet-related legislation, including laws to keep the Web safe from child predators and rogue online pharmacies. For example, she helped push through bills such as the Ryan Haight Online Pharmacy Consumer Protection Act, the Protect Our Children Act, and the Keeping the Internet Devoid of Sexual Predators Act. These bills were signed into law by President Bush in 2008 and have been used by law enforcement to shut down illegal online drug sellers and to prosecute online child predators.
Before joining GoDaddy, Jones practiced law at Beus Gilbert, a private law firm in Phoenix, Arizona from 1997 to 2002. 
Jones is a member of the American Bar Association and the State Bar of Arizona. 
== Civic work ==
After her time at GoDaddy, Jones started the Arizona Research Project, a nonprofit established to “identify issues of importance to voters” so they can engage their legislators and help shape policy.
== Candidate for governor ==
Jones officially became a Republican candidate for the governor of Arizona on April 28, 2014.
== Candidate for congress ==
On May 3, 2016, Jones officially became a Republican candidate in the state's 5th congressional district. Her home was actually in the neighboring 9th district, but members of the House are only required to live in the state they represent.  In the four-way Republican primary, Jones finished second behind State Senate President Andy Biggs, initially by nine votes. A recanvass resulted in Biggs leading by 16 votes, and an automatic recount gave Biggs a 27-vote lead. With only a week to go before state election officials wanted to print ballots for the general election, Jones opted against a court challenge and conceded the nomination to Biggs on September 16.
== External links ==
Official website
== References ==


Leporinus guttatus is a species of fish in the family  Anostomidae. It is found in the upper Curuá River, of the Xingu River basin in Serra do Cachimbo, Brazil. 
== Description ==
Leporinus guttatus can reach a standard length of 12.5 centimetres (4.9 in).
== References ==


Rashmi R. Rao also known as RJ Rapid Rashmi, is an Indian radio personality and actor from Bangalore. She has worked as a radio jockey and a TV anchor. She also participated in a dance reality show Dancing star but got eliminated. She has also sung a song for the movie Deal Raja. She contested in the reality show Bigg Boss Kannada (season 6).
RJ Rapid Rashmi currently works with 92.7 Big FM.
== Awards ==
IRF- Indian Radio Forum silver winner for Best show "Retro Savaari" 2017
IRF- Indian Radio Forum silver winner for Best show "Retro Savaari" 2016.
Aryabhatta awardee - RJ of the year 2016
Media awards - Best RJ of the year 2016
== References ==


Faxonius sloanii, the Sloan or Sloan's crayfish is a species of crayfish in the family Cambaridae, native to Indiana and Ohio. It is associated with freshwater habitats. Although it is being slowly out-competed by the rusty crayfish in Ohio, it is listed as a species of Least Concern on the IUCN Red List.
== References ==


AM-23 may refer to:
Afanasev Makarov AM-23, a Soviet aircraft gun
USS Teal (AM-23), a U.S. Navy minesweeper


In general, technical management is the systematic efforts used in the deployment of a system or process and in balancing its cost, effectiveness and supportability during its life cycle.
Technical managers can be found at the interface of application and technique; they act between the user and the technical means. Examples of technical management are: ICT management, real estate management, financial management, quality management. Often the managed field is a resource of the organisation. Technical managers combine technical and management knowledge for the benefit of the user.
In logistics, technical management involves the duties a shipping company must perform for the technical operation of a vessel. This involves management related to crew management with related tasks, logistics related to operations as well as operations, service and maintenance. Often technical management is performed by the ship owning company, but not always. Technical management is sometimes performed by separate companies than the commercial management, that involves chartering of the vessels and the financial aspects that is performed by the owner company.
== References ==
Huber, Mark (2001). "Ch. 9:Chartering and Operations". Tanker operations: a handbook for the person-in-charge (PIC). Cambridge, MD: Cornell Maritime Press. ISBN 0-87033-528-6.
Turpin, Edward A.; McEwen, William A. (1980). "Ch. 18:United States Navigation Laws and Ship's Business". Merchant Marine Officers' Handbook. Centreville, MD: Cornell Maritime Press. ISBN 0-87033-056-X.


Eat a Peach is a 2020 book by American chef and television personality David Chang.
== Reception ==
Kirkus Reviews described Chang as "no slouch as a writer, with a style that features a refreshingly defiant attitude and some of the best inessential footnotes since A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius." Bill Addison of the Los Angeles Times describes the book as "a timely read on several levels" and "blunt, often funny, questioning and critical of himself and the world".
Eater's review of the book showed much more of the emotional burden of the book, writing: "Primarily, it wants to reframe Chang’s self-righteous anger, to bundle it up with his guilt, regrets, and ruminations, and to sell it back to the public as his pardon."
== References ==


Dubai Hospital is a public hospital in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, and is part of Dubai Department of Health and Medical Services.
Although the decision to construct Dubai Hospital was made in 1977, it did not begin admitting patients until March, 1983.
The hospital consists of 14 stories, with the lower two for Accident & Emergency and outpatients, and the upper ten for wards.
== Medical Services ==
The hospital offers the following services: 
Anesthesia
Ophthalmology
Orthopedic
Pediatric
Obstetrics
Urology
Endocrinology
Nephrology
Rheumatology
Oncology
E.N.T.
The following clinical support services are offered:
Radiology
Nuclear Medicine/Medical Physics
Physiotherapy
Psychology Services
== See also ==
Rashid Hospital
== References ==


In geometry, a Schönhardt polyhedron is a polyhedron with the same combinatorial structure as a regular octahedron, but with dihedral angles that are non-convex along three disjoint edges. Because it has no interior diagonals, it cannot be triangulated into tetrahedra without adding new vertices. It has the fewest vertices of any polyhedron that cannot be triangulated. It is named after the German mathematician Erich Schönhardt, who described it in 1928, although the artist Karlis Johansons had exhibited a related structure in 1921.
One construction for the Schönhardt polyhedron starts with a triangular prism and twists the two equilateral triangle faces of the prism relative to each other, breaking each square face into two triangles separated by a non-convex edge. Some twist angles produce a jumping polyhedron whose two solid forms share the same face shapes. A 30° twist instead produces a shaky polyhedron, rigid but not infinitesimally rigid, whose edges form a tensegrity prism.
Schönhardt polyhedra have been used as gadgets in a proof that testing whether a polyhedron has a triangulation is NP-complete. Several other polyhedra, including Jessen's icosahedron, share with the Schönhardt polyhedron the properties of having no triangulation, of jumping or being shaky, or of forming a tensegrity structure.
== Construction ==
One way of constructing a Schönhardt polyhedron starts with a triangular prism, with two parallel equilateral triangles as its faces. One of the triangles is rotated
around the centerline of the prism. The rotation angle is an arbitrary parameter, which can be varied continuously. This rotation causes the square faces of the triangle to become skew polygons, each of which can be re-triangulated with two triangles to form either a convex or a non-convex dihedral angle. When all three of these pairs of triangles are chosen to have a non-convex dihedral, the Schönhardt polyhedron is the result.
== Properties ==
A Schönhardt polyhedron has six vertices, twelve edges, and eight triangular faces. Its six vertices form fifteen unordered pairs. Twelve of these fifteen pairs form edges of the polyhedron: there are six edges in the two equilateral triangle faces, and six edges connecting the two triangles. The remaining three pairs form diagonals of the polyhedron, but lie entirely outside the polyhedron.
The convex hull of the Schönhardt polyhedron is another polyhedron with the same six vertices, and a different set of twelve edges and eight triangular faces. Both this hull, and the Schönhardt polyhedron itself, are combinatorially equivalent to a regular octahedron. The symmetric difference of the hull and the Schönhardt polyhedron consists of three tetrahedra, each lying between one of the concave dihedral edges of the Schönhardt polyhedron and one of the exterior diagonals. Thus, the Schönhardt polyhedron can be formed by removing these three tetrahedra from a convex (but irregular) octahedron.
=== Impossibility of triangulation ===
A triangulation of a polyhedron is a partition into tetrahedra, meeting face-to-face and using only the vertices of the given polyhedron. Every convex polyhedron has a triangulation in this sense, but the Schönhardt polyhedron does not. Among polyhedra with no triangulation, it has the fewest vertices.
More strongly, no tetrahedron lies entirely inside the Schönhardt polyhedron and shares all four vertices with it. This follows from the following two properties of the Schönhardt polyhedron:
Every triangle formed by its edges is one of its faces. Therefore, because it is not a tetrahedron itself, every tetrahedron formed by four of its vertices must have an edge that it does not share with the Schönhardt polyhedron.
Every diagonal that connects two of its vertices but is not an edge of the Schönhardt polyhedron lies outside the polyhedron. Therefore, every tetrahedron that uses such a diagonal as one of its edges must also lie in part outside the Schönhardt polyhedron.
=== Stability ===
Some instances of the Schönhardt polyhedron form a jumping polyhedron: a polyhedron that has two different rigid states, both having the same face shapes and the same orientation (convex or concave) of each edge. A model whose surface is made of a stiff but somewhat deformable material, such as cardstock, can be made to "jump" between the two shapes. A solid model could not change shape in this way. Neither could a model made of a more rigid material like glass: although it could exist in either of the two shapes, it would be unable to deform sufficiently to move between them. This stands in contrast to Cauchy's rigidity theorem, according to which, for each convex polyhedron, there is no other polyhedron having the same face shapes and edge orientations.
In his original work on this polyhedron, Schönhardt noted a related property: in one special form, when the two equilateral faces are twisted at an angle of 30° with respect to each other, this polyhedron becomes shaky: rigid with respect to continuous motion, but not infinitesimally rigid. At this same rotation angle of 30°, the edges of the Schönhardt polyhedron can be used to form a tensegrity structure called the tensegrity prism, with compression elements for its non-convex edges and tension elements for its convex edges. The discovery of this form as a tensegrity structure rather than as a polyhedron has been credited to Latvian-Soviet artist Karlis Johansons in 1921, a few years before the work of Schönhardt.
== Applications ==
Ruppert & Seidel (1992) used Schönhardt's polyhedron as the basis for a proof that it is NP-complete to determine whether a non-convex polyhedron can be triangulated. The proof uses many copies of the Schönhardt polyhedron, with its top face removed, as gadgets within a larger polyhedron. Any triangulation of the overall polyhedron must include a tetrahedron connecting the bottom face of each gadget to a vertex in the rest of the polyhedron that can see this bottom face. The complex pattern of obstructions between tetrahedra of this type can be used to simulate Boolean logic components in a reduction from the Boolean satisfiability problem.
== Related constructions ==
Schönhardt's 1928 discovery of this polyhedron was prompted by earlier work of Nels Johann Lennes, who published in 1911 a seven-vertex polyhedron with no triangulation.
As well as jumping, non-convex polyhedra can be flexible, having a continuous family of shapes with the same faces. The Bricard octahedra are flexible in this way, with the same combinatorial structure as the Schönhardt polyhedron, but unlike the Schönhardt polyhedron they are self-intersecting.
It was shown by Rambau (2005) that the Schönhardt polyhedron can be generalized to other polyhedra, combinatorially equivalent to antiprisms, that cannot be triangulated. These polyhedra are formed by connecting regular 
  
    
      
        k
      
    
    {\displaystyle k}
  
-gons in two parallel planes, twisted with respect to each other, in such a way that 
  
    
      
        k
      
    
    {\displaystyle k}
  
 of the 
  
    
      
        2
        k
      
    
    {\displaystyle 2k}
  
 edges that connect the two 
  
    
      
        k
      
    
    {\displaystyle k}
  
-gons have concave dihedrals. For sufficiently small twisting angles, the result has no triangulation. Another polyhedron that cannot be triangulated is Jessen's icosahedron, which is combinatorially equivalent to a regular icosahedron, and (like the tensegrity form of Schönhardt's polyhedron) also a shaky tensegrity.
In a different direction, Bagemihl (1948) constructed a family of polyhedra that share with the Schönhardt polyhedron the property that there are no internal diagonals. The tetrahedron and the Császár polyhedron have no diagonals at all: every pair of vertices in these polyhedra forms an edge. It remains an open question whether there are any other polyhedra (with manifold boundary) without diagonals, although there exist non-manifold surfaces with no diagonals and any number of vertices greater than five.
== References ==
== External links ==
Schönhardt polyhedron, mathgrrl, including links to a free 3d-printable model


Arctia mirifica is a moth in the family Erebidae. It was described by Charles Oberthür in 1892. It is found in western China, Tibet and north-western India.
This species, along with the others of the genus Preparctia, was moved to Arctia as a result of phylogenetic research published by Rönkä et al. in 2016.
== References ==
Pitkin, Brian & Jenkins, Paul. "Search results Family: Arctiidae". Butterflies and Moths of the World. Natural History Museum, London.


Cedric Pittman (born June 18, 1977) is a former American football defensive end and arena football offensive / defensive lineman. He played college football at San Jose City College and Nevada.
== Professional career ==
After going unselected in the 1998 NFL draft, Pittman signed with the Detroit Lions. In April 2000, he joined the New York Giants. Where he spent 2000 and 2001. He also played for the Birmingham Thunderbolts of the short-lived XFL. He then played for the Scottish Claymores of NFL Europe in 2002, leading the Claymores in sacks with four. After the NFL Europe season ended, he was signed by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. Then, in 2003, he joined the San Jose Sabercats of the Arena Football League (AFL). He then spent 2004 with the Las Vegas Gladiators.
== References ==


The South Africa women's cricket team toured Australia in 1998–99, playing three women's One Day Internationals.  Australia won the series 2–0, with the third match abandoned without a ball being bowled.
== One Day International series ==
=== 1st ODI ===
=== 2nd ODI ===
=== 3rd ODI ===
== References ==


House with Chimaeras (Ukrainian: Будинок з химерами, Budynok z khymeramy) or Horodetsky House (named for Władysław Horodecki) is an Art Nouveau building located in the historic Lypky neighborhood of Kyiv, the capital of Ukraine. Situated across the street from the President of Ukraine's office at No. 10, Bankova Street, the building has been used as a presidential residence for official and diplomatic ceremonies since 2005. The street in front of the building is closed off to all automobile traffic, and is now a patrolled pedestrian zone due to its proximity to the Presidential Administration building.
The Polish architect Władysław Horodecki originally constructed the House with Chimaeras for use as his own upmarket apartment building during 1901–02. However, as the years went by, Horodecki eventually had to sell the building due to financial troubles, after which it changed ownership numerous times before finally being occupied by an official Communist Party polyclinic until the early 2000s. When the building was vacated, its interior and exterior decor were fully reconstructed and restored according to Horodecki's original plans.
The building derives its popular name from the ornate decorations depicting exotic animals and hunting scenes, which were sculpted by Italian architect Emilio Sala, since Horodecki was an avid hunter. The name does not refer to the chimaera of mythology, but to an architectural style known as chimaera decoration in which animal figures are applied as decorative elements to a building. Horodecki's unique architectural style earned him praise as the Antoni Gaudí of Kyiv.
== History ==
=== Construction and early history ===
A House with Chimaeras was designed by the Polish architect Władysław Horodecki in 1901–1902. Horodecki was born in 1863 into a prosperous Polish szlachta (noble) family in the Podillia region. After finishing the Imperial Academy of Arts in Saint Petersburg in 1890, he moved to Kyiv, where he lived for almost 30 years. At the time of the building's construction, Horodecki had already established himself as a prominent Kyiv architect, having designed and constructed together with his close friend and partner engineer Anton Strauss many city buildings, from the St. Nicholas Roman Catholic Cathedral to the Karaite Kenesa and what today is the National Art Museum of Ukraine. Besides architecture, Horodecki was also interested in big-game hunting, which explains why his building features many animals.
Horodecki financed the house's construction with borrowed money, with the intent for it to be an apartment building. Each floor formed a single apartment, connected by an elevator and stairs. Horodecki himself occupied the fourth floor of the building, measuring at about 380 m2 (4,100 sq ft).
Horodecki bought the first lot of land on February 1, 1901, with construction work commencing on March 18 of that year. Construction of the exterior walls was finished by August 21, and the roof installed and all masonry work was completed on September 13. Due to the economic hardships within the Russian Empire, the completion of the building was delayed. In May 1903, only one apartment on the lowest level and Horodecki's own apartment were occupied. The total cost of the land and construction amounted to 133,000 rubles. In total, 1,550 m2 (16,700 sq ft) of land were used for construction of the building and cost a total of 15,640 rubles. The projected annual profit from the rentals was 7,200 rubles. A cowshed was located on the premises due to Horodecki's insistence on fresh in-house milk, though it was specifically placed in a way that the smell of the cows would not disturb the tenants. On a lot adjacent to the building, a miniature alpine garden (approx. 320 m2 or 3,400 sq ft) and a fountain were built.
Due to financial mismanagement which included his Safari hunting hobby, in July 1912, Horodecki pledged the building as a collateral against a loan taken from Kyiv Mutual Credit Association. When Horodecki defaulted on the loan, the building was auctioned off in 1913, and became the property of the engineer Daniel Balakhovsky, the son of a Kyiv trader, who was also the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Blahodatinskoe sugar factory, and a French сonsular agent in Kyiv. In 1916, the house belonged to the Blahodatinskoe sugar factory. In 1918, the building's ownership changed again, to Samuel Nemets. In 1921, after the Bolsheviks gained control of Kyiv, several of the departments of the Kyiv Military District took offices in the House with Chimaeras.
=== Ownership 1921–2002 ===
After the period of unrest following the Russian Revolution of 1917, the building was nationalized and later converted for communal living. Each apartment was occupied by about nine to ten families. During the Second World War (1941–1943), the building was abandoned. Due to exposure to the harsh elements during the war, the building suffered significant damage to its structure. After the war, the building was briefly used as a residence for evacuated actors from the Ivan Franko Theater; however, the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic took ownership of the building and later transformed it into the Polyclinic No. 1 for their elite. The polyclinic used the building up until the end of the 20th century. During that time, the building almost split in half. One part sagged 22 cm (9 in), and a major vertical crack formed, having a width of about 40 cm (16 in). Some of the building's architectural details had either been chipped away, or had cracked.
The building's restoration work was scheduled for 2002, however the operators of the polyclinic were reluctant to leave, having occupied the building for over 40 years. In order to force the occupants out of the building, the workers boarded up all of the windows and threatened to do the same to the doors if the polyclinic did not vacate the premises. Only the president's involvement in the matter forced the polyclinic to move out completely.
=== Reconstruction and official use ===
During the time of the restoration, conducted by UkrNIIProektRestavratsiya and headed by Natalia Kosenko, the workers unearthed the whole lower floor, which had been filled in during Soviet times to strengthen the building's foundation. Restoration of the elaborate decor of the interior had to be fully redone. In the courtyard, the restorers placed an artificial lake, fountains, and a miniature garden—all of which had been in Horodecki's original plans.
The building was opened as a filial "Masterpieces of Ukrainian Art" of the National Museum of Arts in November 2004. It was expected that the building would serve a dual purpose as a museum and as the presidential meeting place for state visitors. In April 2005, the Kyiv City Council submitted a bill for ₴104 million (approx. US$20 million) to the Ukrainian Government for reconstruction and restoration of the House with Chimaeras. The Council also allowed the Ukrainian government to construct a new square (closing off all automobile traffic) in front of the building for use in official ceremonies.
Since May 2005, the building has been an official presidential residence, used for official and diplomatic ceremonies. The House with Chimaeras was used as a meeting place between Ukrainian President Viktor Yushchenko and Russian President Vladimir Putin, when the latter visited Kyiv on December 22, 2006. Included in the building are rooms for negotiations, tête-à-tête talks, the signing of official documents, as well as a special room for the press.
== Architecture ==
The building was designed in the Art Nouveau style, which was at that time a relatively new style and featured flowing, curvilinear designs often incorporating floral and other plant-inspired motifs. Horodecki featured such motifs in the building's exterior decor in the forms of mythical creatures and big-game animals. His work on the House with Chimaeras has earned him the nickname of the Gaudí of Kyiv.
Due to the steep slope on which the building is situated, it had to be specially designed out of concrete to fit into its foundations correctly. From the front, the building appears to have only three floors. However, from the rear, all of its six floors can be seen. One part of the building's foundation was made of concrete piles, and the other as a continuous foundation. Usually, these two approaches do not mix well but Horodecki somehow succeeded in overcoming this technical problem.
The Italian sculptor Emilio Sala was responsible for both the internal and external sculptural decorations, such as mermaids, dolphins, and frogs on the roof of the building, sinking ships and hunting trophies on the exterior walls, and exuberant interior decorations, such as grand stairways and chandeliers depicting huge catfish strangled in the stems of lotus flowers. The exterior sculptures created by Sala were made out of cement. Production of the cement was by the «For» company of which Horodecki was the co-director. Cement was used exclusively as the primary building material by the request of the company's head director, Richter. At the time of the building's construction, cement was not popular as a building material, so its use was employed as publicity for both the house and the building material.
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
=== Floor plan ===
The House with Chimaeras was designed in such a way that the tenants would occupy the whole floor, each floor had all the necessary household rooms ranging from private kitchens to small powder rooms. The open floor plan and extra rooms featured throughout the building are characteristic of the houses of the wealthy of the early 20th century. In total, the building has an area of 3,309.5 m2 (35,623.16 sq ft).
On the lowest level of the building, which is located deep in the hill, were two stables, two rooms for coachmen, a shared laundry, and two separate apartments. Each of the two apartments consisted of a foyer, a kitchen, one bathroom, and a storage room. The first of these apartments had two residential rooms, and the second three rooms. Each floor above the lowest level was designed to house a single apartment only.
The apartment on the second floor consisted of six residential rooms in addition to a foyer, kitchen, buffet, three servant's rooms, a bathroom, two toilets, and two storage rooms. There were also four wine cellars on the same level. The cellars belonged to the apartments on the upper levels. On the third floor, the apartment consisted of eight residential rooms, a foyer, a kitchen, dish washing room, two rooms for servants, a bathroom, and two toilets. This apartment was placed slightly lower than the level of Bankova Street, from the front entrance.
The grandest apartment, which belonged to Horodecki, consisted of a study, a great room and a living room, a dining room, a boudoir, a bedroom, a children's room, a room for a governess, a guest room, three rooms for servants, a kitchen, dishwashing room, bathroom, two toilets, and two storage rooms. On the floor above was an apartment similar in size and design to Horodecki's apartment. The apartment on the top floor had one less room; to make up for this, there was a connecting terrace which provided a panoramic view of the city.
== Legends ==
Throughout the years, the unusual nature of the House with Chimaeras has given rise to a number of stories occasionally repeated in guide-books or newspapers, which are however either untrue or lacking any verifiable source.
According to the first legend, Władysław Horodecki's daughter had committed suicide jumping into Dnieper River  either because of some unfortunate love affair or because of a family feud. As a result, Horodecki went slightly mad and built this gloomy house in his daughter's memory.
A second legend has it that Horodecki made a bet with some other architects, including the architect Alexander Skobelev, who had tried to prove that was impossible to build a house on such terrain, because the site (near the Ivan Franko Theater) overhangs  a swamp (Koz'ye boloto). The Construction Committee of Kyiv had prohibited construction of any structures on this particular lot, but eventually the construction of the building allowed Horodecki to win the bet.
According to the third legend, Horodecki had cursed it in 1913 (due to his inability to repay his creditors); all of the house's tenants would be either unhappy or would meet some sort of financial misfortune. There is a story that all the businesses who rented a portion of the building either went bankrupt, had their funds stolen or were disbanded.
== References ==
Notes
Footnotes
Bibliography
== External links ==
Horbachov, Dmytro. "Art Nouveau in Kyiv". Archived from the original on 2004-11-04. Retrieved 2006-09-30.
"House with Chimaeras". Wiki-Encyclopedia Kyiv (in Ukrainian). Archived from the original on 2022-03-07. Retrieved 2011-06-21.
Замки Киева: Легенды и были Замка Ричарда, Дом с Химерами, замок барона Штейнгеля [Castles of Kiev: Legends were Richard's Castle, the House of Chimeras, Baron Steingel's castle]. Interesniy Kiyev (in Russian). Archived from the original on 2006-11-04.
"Photogallery containing detailed images". LiveJournal (in Russian). Archived from the original on 2013-08-14.
"Interior photogallery". domparketa.com.ua (in Russian). Archived from the original on 2006-08-29.


DNS hijacking, DNS poisoning, or DNS redirection is the practice of subverting the resolution of Domain Name System (DNS) queries. This can be achieved by malware that overrides a computer's TCP/IP configuration to point at a rogue DNS server under the control of an attacker, or through modifying the behaviour of a trusted DNS server so that it does not comply with internet standards.
These modifications may be made for malicious purposes such as phishing, for self-serving purposes by Internet service providers (ISPs), by the Great Firewall of China and public/router-based online DNS server providers to direct users' web traffic to the ISP's own web servers where advertisements can be served, statistics collected, or other purposes of the ISP; and by DNS service providers to block access to selected domains as a form of censorship.
== Technical background ==
One of the functions of a DNS server is to translate a domain name into an IP address that applications need to connect to an Internet resource such as a website. This functionality is defined in various formal internet standards that define the protocol in considerable detail. DNS servers are implicitly trusted by internet-facing computers and users to correctly resolve names to the actual addresses that are registered by the owners of an internet domain.
=== Rogue DNS server ===
A rogue DNS server translates domain names of desirable websites (search engines, banks, brokers, etc.) into IP addresses of sites with unintended content, even malicious websites. Most users depend on DNS servers automatically assigned by their ISPs. A router's assigned DNS servers can also be altered through the remote exploitation of a vulnerability within the router's firmware. When users try to visit websites, they are instead sent to a bogus website. This attack is termed pharming. If the site they are redirected to is a malicious website, masquerading as a legitimate website, in order to fraudulently obtain sensitive information, it is called phishing.
=== Manipulation by ISPs ===
A number of consumer ISPs such as AT&T, Cablevision's Optimum Online, CenturyLink, Cox Communications, RCN, Rogers, Charter Communications (Spectrum), Plusnet, Verizon, Sprint, T-Mobile US, Virgin Media, Frontier Communications, Bell Sympatico, Deutsche Telekom AG, Optus, Mediacom, ONO, TalkTalk, Bigpond (Telstra), TTNET, Türksat, and all Indonesian customer ISPs use or used DNS hijacking for their own purposes, such as displaying advertisements or collecting statistics. Dutch ISPs XS4ALL and Ziggo use DNS hijacking by court order: they were ordered to block access to The Pirate Bay and display a warning page while all customer ISP in Indonesia do DNS hijacking to comply with the National DNS law which requires every customer Indonesian ISP to hijack port 53 and redirect it to their own server to block website that are listed in Trustpositif by Kominfo under Internet Sehat campaign. These practices violate the RFC standard for DNS (NXDOMAIN) responses, and can potentially open users to cross-site scripting attacks.
The concern with DNS hijacking involves this hijacking of the NXDOMAIN response. Internet and intranet applications rely on the NXDOMAIN response to describe the condition where the DNS has no entry for the specified host. If one were to query the invalid domain name (for example www.example.invalid), one should get an NXDOMAIN response – informing the application that the name is invalid and taking the appropriate action (for example, displaying an error or not attempting to connect to the server). However, if the domain name is queried on one of these non-compliant ISPs, one would always receive a fake IP address belonging to the ISP. In a web browser, this behavior can be annoying or offensive as connections to this IP address display the ISP redirect page of the provider, sometimes with advertising, instead of a proper error message. However, other applications that rely on the NXDOMAIN error will instead attempt to initiate connections to this spoofed IP address, potentially exposing sensitive information.
Examples of functionality that breaks when an ISP hijacks DNS:
Roaming laptops that are members of a Windows Server domain will falsely be led to believe that they are back on a corporate network because resources such as domain controllers, email servers and other infrastructure will appear to be available. Applications will therefore attempt to initiate connections to these corporate servers, but fail, resulting in degraded performance, unnecessary traffic on the Internet connection and timeouts.
Many small office and home networks do not have their own DNS server, relying instead on broadcast name resolution. Many versions of Microsoft Windows default to prioritizing DNS name resolution above NetBIOS name resolution broadcasts; therefore, when an ISP DNS server returns a (technically valid) IP address for the name of the desired computer on the LAN, the connecting computer uses this incorrect IP address and inevitably fails to connect to the desired computer on the LAN. Workarounds include using the correct IP address instead of the computer name, or changing the DhcpNodeType registry value to change name resolution service ordering.
Browsers such as Firefox no longer have their "Browse By Name" functionality (where keywords typed in the address bar take users to the closest matching site).
The local DNS client built into modern operating systems will cache results of DNS searches for performance reasons. If a client switches between a home network and a VPN, false entries may remain cached, thereby creating a service outage on the VPN connection.
DNSBL anti-spam solutions rely on DNS; false DNS results therefore interfere with their operation.
Confidential user data might be leaked by applications that are tricked by the ISP into believing that the servers they wish to connect to are available.
User choice over which search engine to consult in the event of a URL being mistyped in a browser is removed as the ISP determines what search results are displayed to the user.
Computers configured to use a split tunnel with a VPN connection will stop working because intranet names that should not be resolved outside the tunnel over the public Internet will start resolving to fictitious addresses, instead of resolving correctly over the VPN tunnel on a private DNS server when an NXDOMAIN response is received from the Internet. For example, a mail client attempting to resolve the DNS A record for an internal mail server may receive a false DNS response that directed it to a paid-results web server, with messages queued for delivery for days while retransmission was attempted in vain.
It breaks Web Proxy Autodiscovery Protocol (WPAD) by leading web browsers to believe incorrectly that the ISP has a proxy server configured.
It breaks monitoring software. For example, if one periodically contacts a server to determine its health, a monitor will never see a failure unless the monitor tries to verify the server's cryptographic key.
In some, but not most cases, the ISPs provide subscriber-configurable settings to disable hijacking of NXDOMAIN responses. Correctly implemented, such a setting reverts DNS to standard behavior. Other ISPs, however, instead use a web browser cookie to store the preference. In this case, the underlying behavior is not resolved: DNS queries continue to be redirected, while the ISP redirect page is replaced with a counterfeit DNS error page. Applications other than web browsers cannot be opted out of the scheme using cookies as the opt-out targets only the HTTP protocol, when the scheme is actually implemented in the protocol-neutral DNS.
== Response ==
In the UK, the Information Commissioner's Office has acknowledged that the practice of involuntary DNS hijacking contravenes PECR, and EC Directive 95/46 on Data Protection which require explicit consent for processing of communication traffic. In Germany, in 2019 it was revealed that the Deutsche Telekom AG not only manipulated their DNS servers, but also transmitted network traffic (such as non-secure cookies when users did not use HTTPS) to a third-party company because the web portal T-Online, at which users were redirected due to the DNS manipulation, was not (any more) owned by the Deutsche Telekom. After a user filed a criminal complaint, the Deutsche Telekom stopped further DNS manipulations.
ICANN, the international body responsible for administering top-level domain names, has published a memorandum highlighting its concerns, and affirming: ICANN strongly discourages the use of DNS redirection, wildcards, synthesized responses and any other form of NXDOMAIN substitution in existing gTLDs, ccTLDs and any other level in the DNS tree for registry-class domain names.
== Remedy ==
End users, dissatisfied with poor "opt-out" options like cookies, have responded to the controversy by finding ways to avoid spoofed NXDOMAIN responses.  DNS software such as BIND and Dnsmasq offer options to filter results, and can be run from a gateway or router to protect an entire network.  Google, among others, run open DNS servers that currently do not return spoofed results.  So a user could use Google Public DNS instead of their ISP's DNS servers if they are willing to accept that they use the service under Google's privacy policy and potentially be exposed to another method by which Google can track the user.  One limitation of this approach is that some providers block or rewrite outside DNS requests. OpenDNS, owned by Cisco, is a similar popular service which does not alter NXDOMAIN responses.
Google in April 2016 launched DNS-over-HTTPS service. This scheme can overcome the limitations of the legacy DNS protocol. It performs remote DNSSEC check and transfers the results in a secure HTTPS tunnel.
There are also application-level work-arounds, such as the NoRedirect Firefox extension, that mitigate some of the behavior. An approach like that only fixes one application (in this example, Firefox) and will not address any other issues caused. Website owners may be able to fool some hijackers by using certain DNS settings. For example, setting a TXT record of "unused" on their wildcard address (e.g. *.example.com). Alternatively, they can try setting the CNAME of the wildcard to "example.invalid", making use of the fact that ".invalid" is guaranteed not to exist per the RFC.  The limitation of that approach is that it only prevents hijacking on those particular domains, but it may address some VPN security issues caused by DNS hijacking.
== See also ==
Captive portal
DNS cache poisoning
DNS rebinding
DNS spoofing
Domain hijacking
Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol
Pharming
Point-to-Point Protocol
Spoofing attack
TCP reset attack
Trojan.Win32.DNSChanger
== References ==


Ashok Gangadean (born September 26, 1941) is a Trinidadian philosopher, author and spiritual activist. He is the Margaret Gest Professor of Global Philosophy at Haverford College in Haverford, Pennsylvania and the Founder and Director of the Global Dialogue Institute.
== Biography ==
Gangadean received his PhD in philosophy from Brandeis University. He was the first Director of the Margaret Gest Center for the Cross-Cultural Study of Religion at Haverford, and has spoken at various professional conferences on interfaith dialogue and East-West comparative philosophy. He is currently the Co-Convenor of the recently formed World Commission on Global Consciousness and Spirituality.
== Works ==
Meditative Reason: Towards Universal Grammar (1993)
Between Worlds: The Emergence of Global Reason (1998)
Meditations of Global First Philosophy (2008)
Awakening the Global Mind: A New Philosophy for Healing Ourselves and Our World (2008)
== References ==
== External links ==
Official web page at Haverford College


Toh Liying (born 2 April 1985), also known as Toh Liying, is a Singaporean former sailor, who specialized in the two-person dinghy (470) class. Together with her 17-year-old partner Deborah Ong, she was named one of the country's top sailors in the double-handed dinghy for the 2008 Summer Olympics, finishing in a distant nineteenth place. Outside her Olympic career, Toh and her previous tandem Elizabeth Ong gave the Singaporeans a sterling silver medal in the women's 470 at the 2006 Asian Games in Doha, Qatar. While pursuing to complete her degree in biomedical sciences at Monash University in Melbourne, Australia, Toh trained for the Games under the tutelage of her personal coach Craig Ferris.
Toh competed for the Singaporean sailing squad, as a skipper in the women's 470 class, at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. Building up to their Olympic selection, she and crew member Ong received a spare berth forfeited by New Zealand, as the next highest-ranked tandem vying for qualification, at the class-associated Worlds nearly eight months earlier in Melbourne. The inexperienced Singaporean duo clearly struggled to catch a vast fleet of world-class sailors under breezy conditions. 
== References ==
== External links ==
Liying Toh at World Sailing
Liying Toh at Olympics.comLiying Toh at Olympic.org (archived)
Liying Toh at NBC 2008 Olympics website
Toh Li Ying at Olympedia
Toh Li Ying at the Singapore National Olympic Council


Robert Singleton (died 1544), also known as John, was an English Roman Catholic priest, executed on a treason charge. He is considered a Catholic martyr by Antonio Possevino, in his Apparatus Sacer.
== Life ==
He belonged to a Lancashire family and was educated at the University of Oxford, but does not appear to have graduated. He became a priest, and for some utterances which were accounted treasonable was brought before a court of bishops in 1543. He was executed at Tyburn on 7 March 1544, along with Germain Gardiner and John Larke.
== Works ==
He is said to have written:
Treatise of the Seven Churches
Of the Holy Ghost
Comment on Certain Prophecies
Theory of the Earth, dedicated to Henry VII. Thomas Tanner calls this Of the Seven Ages of the World.
None seem to have been printed.
== References ==
 This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: "Singleton, Robert (d.1544)". Dictionary of National Biography. London: Smith, Elder & Co. 1885–1900.


Iquiracetima tuberosa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Belon in 1896 (1896). It is known from Ecuador, Bolivia, and Brazil.
== References ==


Hugh Adam Crawford,  (28 October 1898 – 1982), was a Scottish artist and oil painter, mostly of portraits and figures, who was an influential and charismatic figure in the 1930s Glasgow art scene. During a long teaching career, Crawford influenced and inspired many notable students including Joan Eardley, Robert MacBryde and Robert Colquhoun.
== Life and work ==
Crawford was born in Busby, East Renfrewshire and studied at the Glasgow School of Art, where he was taught by Maurice Greiffenhagen from 1919 to 1923. He briefly moved to London to study part-time at the Central School of Art and at Saint Martin's School of Art before returning to Glasgow in 1925 to join the staff at the Glasgow School of Art. He eventually became Head of Painting there, a post he was to hold until 1948. As well as developing a strong style of portrait painting Crawford also painted murals, notably for a Roman Catholic chapel at Bellahouston and St Columba's Church in Glasgow. He also completed murals at the John Brown & Company shipyard and at the Scottish Brewers premises in Glasgow.
When Crawford's depiction of wartime casualties, Tribute to Clydebank (The Stretcher Bearers) was shown at the Royal Academy in 1942 it was declared 'picture of the year' and he considered it his best work. Also during World War Two, Crawford received a short-term commission from the War Artists' Advisory Committee for three portraits. The first, in May 1941, was for a portrait of the Lord Provost of Glasgow. This was followed by a subject for the Ministry of Home Security in February 1942 and finally a portrait of a Company Sergeant-Major in the Seaforth Highlanders which was completed in May 1942.
When Crawford left the Glasgow School of Art in 1948 he became Head of Gray's School of Art until 1954 when he was appointed Principal of the Duncan of Jordonstone College of Art in Dundee, a post he retired from in 1964. He was elected an Associate of the Royal Scottish Academy in 1938 and became a full member in 1956.
== References ==
== External links ==
25 artworks by or after Hugh Adam Crawford at the Art UK site


The Pan American U20 Athletics Championships are a biennial sports event for track and field organized by the Association of Panamerican Athletics (APA) open for junior (U20) athletes from member and associate member associations. They were first held in 1980. Before the 2017 edition, the event was known as Pan American Junior Athletics Championships.
== Editions ==
== Medals (1980-2019) ==
Source:
== Championships records ==
=== Men ===
=== Women ===
=== Mixed ===
== Notes ==
== References ==


Cephalotes olmecus is an extinct species of arboreal ant of the genus Cephalotes known only from Mexican amber inclusions.
== Taxonomy ==
Cephalotes olmecus was first described in 1999 from two Chiapas amber fossil inclusions of respectively a worker and a dwarf soldier ant. Maria de Andrade, who described the species, placed C. olmecus in the grandinosus clade in which it forms a subclade with fossil species Cephalotes maya and extant species Cephalotes foliaceus.
The specific epithet olmecus is in reference to the Olmecs of Mexico.
== References ==


Chick Magnet is the debut studio album by American rapper Paul Wall. It was released on February 24, 2004, by Paid in Full Records.
== Track listing ==
== Charts ==
== References ==


Masinissa II (or Massinissa II) was the petty king of western Numidia with his capital at Cirta (81–46 BC). He was named after, or took his name after, his famous ancestor Masinissa I, the unifier and founder of the kingdom of Numidia.
Masinissa was probably the son of Masteabar, an obscure king who is known from a single fragmentary inscription. Masteabar was a son of King Gauda (died 88 BC), who divided the kingdom of Numidia between his sons, Masteabar and his brother Hiempsal II. Masinissa's ally and contemporary, Juba I of eastern Numidia, was most likely his first cousin. The western Numidian kingdom was smaller and weaker than the eastern.
In 81 BC, the Roman general Pompey invaded Numidia, which, under the rule of a certain Hiarbas, was assisting the Roman rebel Domitius. Pompey subdued Numidia in a forty-day campaign and restored Hiempsal II to his throne and established Masinissa on his. This constituted formal Roman recognition of the two Numidian kingdoms.
During the Roman civil war of 49–45 BC, Masinissa and Juba both allied with Pompey, whose supporters controlled the province of Africa, against Caesar. In 46 BC, Caesar invaded Africa and his allies, Bocchus II of Mauretania and the mercenary warlord Publius Sittius, invaded Masinissa's kingdom from the west, capturing Cirta. The west of his kingdom was given to Bocchus, while the east with Cirta was granted to Sittius to rule. Juba committed suicide after the defeat, but Masinissa's fate is unknown. His son, Arabio, escaped to join Pompey's forces in Hispania and later returned to recover part of his father's kingdom.
== Notes ==
== Sources ==


Lilly Adong (born on 2 February 1976) is a Ugandan politician and member of Parliament since 2011, she serves as a woman representative in the Parliament of Uganda for the Nwoya district.
She is an independent politician.
== Education ==
Adong earned her Bachelor's degree of arts in education at Makerere University in 2000. In 2003, she was awarded a diploma in strategic environmental education from the Institute of Housing & Urban Development Studies in Rotterdam.
Later, in 2005, she earned a certificate in law at the Law Development Center in Kampala. In 2008, she did a postgraduate diploma in conflict management and peace studies at Gulu University. In 2010 she did a postgraduate diploma in public administration and management at the Uganda Management Institute. She did a masters of public administration and management studies at the Uganda Management Institute in 2014.
== Other responsibilities ==
She served as a District Disaster Preparedness Coordinator in the office of the prime minister in Amuru District from 2009 to 2010.
From 2003 to 2009, she served as a Senior Assistant Secretary in Amuru and Gulu District local governments.
From 2006 to 2007, she served as a clerk to council (Amuru district local government).
== References ==


Kačarevo (Serbian and Macedonian: Качарево) is a village in northern Serbia, situated in the municipality of Pančevo, South Banat District, Vojvodina province. The village has a Serb ethnic majority and its population numbering 6,346 people (2022 census).
== Name ==
The former German place name (Franzfeld) means Francis' field in honor of Francis II. The Hungarian name (official name Ferenchalom from 1898 to 1918) meant Francis' heap.
After World War I, the settlement was officially renamed Kraljevićevo (Краљевићево) and that name meant prince's location in honor of the Karađorđević dynasty. In 1946, the settlement was officially renamed Kačarevo (Качарево) in honor of Svetozar Kačar who died in March 1944.
== Geography ==
Kačarevo is located on flat and fertile plains at 44°57′59″N 20°41′22″E, approximately 16 km NE of Pančevo and 32 km NE of Pančevo bridge to Belgrade. It is located within the South Banat District, in the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina, which is in the northern part of Serbia.
The largest neighbouring settlement is indeed Pančevo, but the region is also scattered with other smaller inhabited places, similar in size with Kačarevo, such as Banatsko Novo Selo and Jabuka.
The altitude above sea level is roughly about 81 meters, or 265 feet.
== History ==
There is a deed of founding from 1791 signed by Leopold II. The town was built up in 1792 by German settlers, almost all of them were Protestants. The town is one of the youngest settlements in the administrative Region of Pančevo.
The settlement was a part of Habsburg's military frontier (Austrian Empire) since its founding, then it belonged to the Torontál county of Austria-Hungary. After World War I, that area was a part of provisional Torontalsko-tamiške županja (Treaty of Trianon), in 1922 of Belgrade oblast and since 1929 of the Danube Banovina in the Kingdom of Yugoslavia. In the time after World War II its belonged to the Srez Pančevo of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia and of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia. The communal area of Kačarevo was a part of the municipal region of Pančevo from all these centuries to the present.
=== Demographic history ===
From 1792 to 1945, it was mostly populated by Germans, and some Hungarians and Romanians lived there as well. In 1921, the population numbered 4,450 inhabitants, including 4,333 Germans,    63 Hungarians, 39 Romanians, 3 Czechs or Slovaks and 2 Slovenes. In 1944, after the defeat of Axis Powers (World War II in Yugoslavia), one part of German population left from the region, together with defeated German army. The remaining Germans were sent after local imprisonment to internment camp in Knićanin that existed until 1948. After prison camps were dissolved (in 1948), the remaining German population left Yugoslavia because of economic reasons. In the first time period after World War II the village was settled with families that originated from all parts of Yugoslavia.
The number of reported inhabitants of the town in 2002 was 7,624. The majority of inhabitants were ethnic Serbs (5,042 or 66.13%), while Macedonians form 19.24% of the population or 1,467 people. 
== Economy ==
The main occupation of the towns' people is in agriculture, as with many other local settlements. However, many of the towns’ inhabitants also work in the factories of the neighbouring city of Pančevo.
== Culture and Tourism ==
Since 1960, there is a cultural center (Dom kulture) in Kačarevo. The town is famous for its bacon festival known as Slaninijada (slanina means bacon), which is organised by the Tourist Association. The festival was organised for the first time in 1988 and runs on an annual basis during February. For several years, there is the vocal group Toše Proeski which is very well known in the Vojvodina.
=== Kačarevo Lake ===
One of the main attractions in the settlement is the artificial Kačarevo Lake (Serbian: Качаревачко језеро). Kačarevo is the only settlement in the area that has no natural body or stream of water (river, canal, pond, bog). The lake is situated 1 km (0.62 mi) southeast of the center of Kačarevo on the location of the former cattle cemetery, colloquially called the "horse graveyard". The denizens organized themselves and from 2007 began cleaning the area from the underbrush while the digging of the lake itself began in 2011. The surrounding area was adapted into the square green oasis with the forested alleys of pines, firs and deciduous trees. The benches and tables are placed between the trees. There are lawns with the rose seedlings, gazebos and a pheasant farm within the complex.
The lake itself has a fountain which constantly pours the fresh water into the lake, a springboard, the showers, sunbeds, parasols and a lifeguard service. The lake was renovated in 2015 when the protective foil on the lakebed was replaced and part of the bed was concreted. Using the reduced number of visitors due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the lake was again concreted and the foil was replaced in 2020, while the banks were re-arranged in 2021. Since 2013, the artistic festival "Ludus Fest" has been held along the lake.
The lake covers an area of 0.4 hectares (0.99 acres).
== Sports ==
There is a football club named FK Jedinstvo Stević in the town, founded in 1947 and its club color is blue and the dress is violet. Since 2003, there is a second club named KMF Kraljevićevo. Since 1972, there is a basketball club named  KK Jedinstvo Kačarevo.
== See also ==
List of places in Serbia
List of cities, towns and villages in Vojvodina
== References ==
== Sources ==
Slobodan Ćurčić, Broj stanovnika Vojvodine, Novi Sad, 1996.
== External links ==
Official Website by Kačarevo local community (Mesna zajednica) Archived 2020-01-06 at the Wayback Machine (in Serbian)
Kačarevo on the Official Website by Pančevo municipality (in Serbian)
Kačarevačke novine, a Website with news about the town  (in Serbian)


The following is a timeline of the Syrian Civil War from January to July 2014. Information about aggregated casualty counts is found at Casualties of the Syrian Civil War.
== January 2014 ==
=== 7 January ===
It was confirmed that 34 foreign ISIL and Jund al-Aqsa fighters had been executed in the previous few days by rebels in the Jabal al-Zawiya area. ISIL retreated from Mayadin in Deir ez-Zor Governorate, without any fighting with rebel forces. East of Rastan, in the Homs Governorate, ISIL attacked a rebel headquarters, killing 15 rebel fighters. During the day, it was revealed that during the previous evening, ISIL executed up to 50 prisoners in the Qadi al-Askar district of Aleppo. The dead included media activists, relief workers, and other civilians. According to the opposition SOHR, 42 people were executed, including, 21 rebel fighters and five media activists.
=== 8 January ===
Rebels captured the ISIL headquarters in Aleppo city at the Children's hospital in the Qadi Askar district. ISIL forces lost control over opposition-held areas of the city and retreated to Al-Inzarat on the northeastern outskirts of Aleppo. 300 hostages held by the radical jihadists were set free. In Ar-Raqqah, the hospital was abandoned, bodies were lying in the central square and there was no power or water leaving the city "completely paralyzed", according to an opposition activist. At this point, ISIL controlled two key routes out of Raqqa: to the east toward the Iraqi border and also the road north to the Turkish frontier. The head of the al-Nusra Front, Abu Mohammad al-Golani, confirmed that fighting had taken place between his organization and ISIL and called for mediation and an end to the "infighting." Late in the day, ISIL started a counterattack, as it launched car bomb assaults targeting opposition checkpoints. Three attacks took place in Al-Bab, Hreitan, and Jarabulus in the Aleppo Governorate, Observatory director Rami Abdel Rahman told AFP. He said similar overnight attacks took place in the Aleppo Governorate, while one occurred in Mayadin in the eastern Deir ez-Zor Governorate. The attack in Al-Bab killed nine people.
=== 9 January ===
A car bomb killed 18 people, including women and children, in central Hama province, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights organization. The New York Times reported that Islamic extremist groups in Syria with ties to al-Qaeda try to identify, recruit and train Americans and other Westerners who had traveled there to get them to carry out attacks when they return home.
=== 10 January ===
ISIL managed to push back rebel forces on the eastern approaches to Ar-Raqqah. ISIL forces also killed 20 rebel fighters in fighting in the town of Al-Bab in Aleppo province, and managed to capture wheat silos and mills just outside the town. ISIL commander Abu Omar al-Shishani entered the town with a convoy of 30 vehicles and troops after he lifted the ISIL's siege of Deir-az-Zor airport.
=== 11 January ===
Rebels moved a convoy including tanks and technicals to Saraqeb in preparation to push ISIL out. Heavy fighting erupted and it was reported that rebels took over most of the town, and besieged hundreds of ISIL fighters. Earlier in the day, five rebels were killed on the outskirts of Saraqeb when their car hit a bomb. Meanwhile, ISIL forces managed to capture the border town of Tal Abyad, while in Ar-Raqqah ISIL fighters captured a rebel checkpoint and the train station. ISIL fighters also dumped the corpses of dozens of their foes at the village of Jazra, to the west of Ar-Raqqah. Dozens of bodies of ISIL fighters were also reportedly in Ar-Raqqah's hospital. Rebels managed to regain territory lost in previous days in Aleppo province and were defending against ISIL counterattacks. 20 rebels were killed in fighting in the town of Anadan, while 30 rebels were killed in three days of fighting in the village of al-Tiba, northeast of Sekhna.
=== 12 January ===
It was confirmed that rebel forces had captured the eastern part of Saraqeb with the local ISIL commander surrounded with his fighters in the center of the town. Fighting was still continuing in Ar-Raqqah between ISIL and remnants of rebel units, including the Al-Nusra Front, although by this point ISIL had captured much of the city. According to an opposition activist, 95 percent of Ar-Raqqah and its countryside were under ISIL control. ISIL forces had also captured the towns of Hrietan and Basraton in Aleppo province. It was also reported that the bodies of 70 rebels were delivered to Ar-Raqqah's hospital after they were executed by ISIL following their capture of Tal Abyad. Another report put the number of executed prisoners at 100. Syrian State TV claimed that a rebel mortar attack killed 19 people in the government-controlled Ghouta and Karm al shami areas of the city of Homs.
=== 13 January ===
It was reported that ISIL had won the battle of Raqqa, capturing most of the province and the provincial capital. ISIL had also captured Al-Bab and Beza'a, while the rebels were gaining ground in Jarabulus near the Turkish border. Another mass execution of prisoners was also reported near the village of Qantari, about 80 kilometers north of Raqqa, when ISIL killed 46 captured fighters of the Ahrar ash-Sham rebel group. 14 rebels were also executed in Homs province
=== 14 January ===
It was reported that rebels captured the villages of Masqan, Kafar Kalbin and Kafra in Aleppo province, while ISIL took full control of Raqqah city after the last remaining rebels retreated. Meanwhile, the rebels also captured the prison in Jarablus, releasing 70 prisoners from ISIL custody. 46 Palestinians and Syrian residents in the Yarmouk Camp died of starvation and lack of medical care since October, from a Syrian Army enforced blockade.
=== 15 January ===
An ISIL car bomb in Jarablus killed 26 people, of which 23 were rebel fighters and three were civilians. Meanwhile, in Saraqeb fighting was continuing and opposition sources reported that the local ISIL commander, a Belgian, was killed. ISIL denied the claim. Between 15 and 17 January, rebels captured Jibreen, Hardntin Kfarrakeshr, Sheikh Ali, Aajel, 46th base, Orum al-Sughra and Reef al-Muhandiseen, while ISIL retreated from the village of Kafarjoum, which held what was believed to be the largest ISIL arms depot in all of Syria. ISIL also withdrew from Saraqib, burning their vehicles as they retreated, while at the same time ISIL recaptured Jarabulus.
=== 16 January ===
A suicide bomber killed 4 people and injured 26 in the Lebanese town of Hermel, a Hezbollah stronghold near the Syrian border.
=== 17 January ===
A rocket fired from Syria into the Lebanese border town of Arsal killed seven people and wounded 15.
=== 20 January ===
2 suicide car bombs exploded at the Bab Al-Hawa border crossing, killing 16 people including six rebels. The same day, ISIL forces seized control of the Al-Jarah military airport. In Manbij, a large suicide car explosion killed 20 people, including rebels, women and children By 23 January, ISIL was in full control of Manbij and completely secured Darkush the following day.
=== 27 January ===
It was reported that ISIL senior Commander Sameer Abid Mohammed al-Halefawi (aka Haji Bakr) was killed by rebels in Tal Rifaat, near Azaz, and at least two other ISIL senior commanders were captured at Hreitan. Four ISIL fighters and three rebels were killed in the fighting. ISIL confirmed the death of top ISIL leader Haji Bakr on 2 February.
== February 2014 ==
Al-Qaeda's general command broke off its links with ISIL, reportedly to concentrate the Islamist effort on unseating President Bashar al-Assad.
By mid-February, al-Nusra Front had joined the battle in support of rebel forces, and expelled ISIL forces from the Deir ez-Zor province in Syria.
=== 7 February ===
A three-day truce was agreed; civilians were allowed to evacuate from a rebel-held area of the Syrian city of Homs after more than 18 months under a government blockade.
=== 12 February ===
The BBC reported more than 1,000 civilians evacuated Homs during the truce, which had been extended to this day.
Russia said it would veto a U.N. resolution on humanitarian aid access in Syria, claiming that the draft was an effort to prepare for military strikes against President Bashar al-Assad's government.
== March 2014 ==
=== 4 March ===
ISIL retreated from the border town of Azaz and nearby villages, choosing instead to consolidate around Raqqa in anticipation of an escalation of fighting with al-Nusra.
=== 18 March ===
The United States expelled all Syrian diplomats and closed the Syrian embassy in Washington D.C.
=== 19 March ===
The Israeli Air Force launched several air strikes on Syrian military sites, killing one Syrian soldier and wounding 7 others, in retaliation for a bombing that wounded four of its troops in the Golan Heights.
=== 21 March ===
Clashes erupt in Tripoli, Lebanon between Syrian government supporters and detractors, leaving 3 dead.
=== 23 March ===
Turkish F-16s shot down a Syrian MiG-23 aircraft for purportedly violating Turkish airspace.
=== 27 March ===
The Syrian Army shelled the YPG-held neighbourhood of al-Msheirfah in Al-Hasakah city. The Syrian Kurdish news agency ANHA, citing a YPG source, stated that the attack began at 11:30 AM, and that mortar shells fired by the army struck the YPG's "Martyr Shiyar" office and a cotton mill, causing material damage. This incident occurred while the YPG was fighting off an ISIS attack against the town of Jaz'ah near Ya'rubiyah.
=== 31 March ===
Members of the pro-government National Defence Force shot a YPG fighter in Qamishli city. The YPG responded by launching an operation in the Qadour Bek district of Qamishli, killing seven pro-government fighters and detaining 10 others. It was also reported that the YPG captured parts of the Qadour Bek district, including the Customs Building and the Qamishli's Bread Factory.
== April 2014 ==
=== 11 April ===
Chemical weapons are used again in Syria, this time on the town of Kafr Zita, Hama.
=== 27 April ===
Iraqi helicopters reportedly destroyed an ISIL convoy in Syria. This was possibly the first time that Iraqi forces struck outside their country since the Gulf War.
== May 2014 ==
=== 7 May ===
Rebels withdraw from the besieged city of Homs in accordance with the U.N.-brokered deal between them and the Syrian government.
=== 23 May ===
Russia and China veto a U.N. Security Council resolution that would have asked the International Criminal Court to investigate war crimes in Syria.
=== 25 May ===
Syrian rebels completely secure Khan Shaykhun and its surroundings in the 2014 Idlib offensive, capturing the al-Salam checkpoint west of the town.
=== 26 May ===
The Jordanian Foreign Ministry deemed Syrian ambassador in Amman Bahjat Suleiman persona non grata, giving him 24 hours to leave the kingdom. It said he had violated diplomatic protocol by posting repeated comments on social media that criticized Jordan and its Gulf allies. Syria declared Jordan’s charge d’affaires in Damascus persona non grata in response.
== June 2014 ==
=== 3 June ===
Syria presidential election takes place in government-controlled areas, amidst an opposition boycott. While the West denounces the election as rigged and "meaningless", delegations from Assad's main supporters, including Russia, Iran and Venezuela, praise the election as transparent and free.
=== 4 June ===
The Syrian government announces Assad was re-elected, claiming that Assad had won with 88.7% of the vote and a turnout of 73.47% of eligible voters.
=== 9 June ===
The Syrian government declares a general amnesty for all citizens; Assad would later fail to follow through and release any political prisoners.
=== 18 June ===
The OPCW releases a preliminary report indicating more chemical weapons have been used since the August 2013 attacks, confirming France's suspicions that the Syrian government has still been using chlorine gas attacks.
=== 23 June ===
The final stockpile of "declared" chemical weapons is shipped out of the country.
=== 25 June ===
The Syrian Air Force bombs Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant-held towns in Iraq, killing at least 57 civilians.
== July 2014 ==
=== July 16 ===
Bashar Assad is sworn in to serve his third seven-year term as President of Syria.
=== 17 July ===
Syria's Shaer gas field in Homs Governorate was seized by ISIL. According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights (SOHR), at least 90 National Defence Force guards defending the field were killed, as were 21 ISIL fighters. The SOHR later put the death toll from the fighting and the killing of prisoners at 270 soldiers, militiamen and staff, and at least 40 ISIL fighters.
=== 25 July ===
ISIL captures a Syrian 17th Division base near Raqqa and beheads several captured soldiers, whose heads are displayed in Raqqa. 32 jihadists and 42 Syrian Army members were overall killed on this day in clashes between ISIL and Syrian Army in Hasakeh, Raqqa and Aleppo provinces.
== References ==


Music to Hear is a 1972 solo studio album by George Shearing, one of five albums that Shearing released on his own record label, Sheba.
The title comes from Shakespeare's sonnet 08, "Music to hear, why hear'st thou music sadly?"
== Track listing ==
"Taking a Chance on Love" (Vernon Duke, Ted Fetter, John La Touche) – 2:06
"The Summer Knows" (Michel Legrand, Alan Bergman, Marilyn Bergman) – 3:34
"Children's Waltz" – 2:36
"Change Partners" (Irving Berlin) – 4:26
"Wave" (Antonio Carlos Jobim) – 4:45
"What Kind of Fool Am I?" (Leslie Bricusse, Anthony Newley) – 3:54
"(Where Do I Begin?) Love Story" (Francis Lai, Carl Sigman) – 3:09
"Dream Dancing" (Cole Porter) – 3:35
"I Predict" – 2:58
"This Is All I Ask" (Gordon Jenkins) – 3:27
"Beautiful Love" – 3:36
"Alfie" (Burt Bacharach, Hal David) – 5:38
== Personnel ==
George Shearing – piano
== References ==


UFC on ESPN: Cannonier vs. Imavov (also known as UFC on ESPN 57) was a mixed martial arts event produced by the Ultimate Fighting Championship that took place on June 8, 2024, at the KFC Yum! Center in Louisville, Kentucky, United States.
== Background ==
The event marked the promotion's second visit to Louisville and first since UFC Live: Sanchez vs. Kampmann in March 2011.
A middleweight bout between former UFC Middleweight Championship challenger Jared Cannonier and Nassourdine Imavov headlined the event.
A bantamweight bout between Raul Rosas Jr. and The Return of The Ultimate Fighter: Team Volkanovski vs. Team Ortega bantamweight winner Ricky Turcios took place at the event. They were originally scheduled to meet at UFC Fight Night: Moreno vs. Royval 2 on February 24, but Rosas Jr. was forced to withdraw just before the bout was expected to begin due to an illness. As a result, the pairing was initially pushed back one week to UFC Fight Night: Rozenstruik vs. Gaziev before it was ultimately cancelled by the promotion. 
A middleweight bout between Roman Dolidze and Michel Pereira was briely announced as part of the event. However, Pereira claimed he never signed any contracts for the fight and the bout fell through.  
At the weigh-ins, Eduarda Moura weighed in at 116.5 pounds, half a pound over the women's strawweight non-title fight limit. The bout proceeded at catchweight and Moura was fined 20 percent of her purse which went to her opponent Denise Gomes.
== Results ==
== Bonus awards ==
The following fighters received $50,000 bonuses.
Fight of the Night: No bonus awarded.
Performance of the Night: Raul Rosas Jr., Brunno Ferreira, Zachary Reese, and Carlos Prates
== Reported payout ==
The following is the reported payout to the athletes as reported to the Kentucky Boxing and Wrestling Commission (KBWC). It does not include sponsor money or "locker room" bonuses often given by the UFC.
Nassourdine Imavov: $126,000 (includes $63,000 win bonus) def. Jared Cannonier: $165,000
Dominick Reyes: $250,000 (includes $125,000 win bonus) def. Dustin Jacoby: $100,000
Raul Rosas Jr.: $80,000 (includes $40,000 win bonus) def. Ricky Turcios: $28,000
Brunno Ferreira: $60,000 (includes $30,000 win bonus) def. Dustin Stoltzfus: $28,000
Zach Reese: $20,000 (includes $10,000 win bonus) def. Julian Marquez: $50,000
Puna Soriano: $100,000 (includes $50,000 win bonus) def. Miguel Baeza: $32,000
Ludovit Klein: $86,000 (includes $43,000 win bonus) def. Thiago Moises: $58,000
Carlos Prates: $24,000 (includes $12,000 win bonus) def. Charles Radtke: $15,000
Brad Katona: $84,000 (includes $42,000 win bonus) def. Jesse Butler: $12,000
Montana De La Rosa: $120,000 (includes $60,000 win bonus) def. Andrea Lee: $70,000
Daniel Marcos: $48,000 (includes $24,000 win bonus) def. John Castaneda: $30,000
Denise Gomes: $50,000 (includes $25,000 win bonus) def. Eduarda Moura: $12,000
Taylor Lapilus: $28,000 (includes $14,000 win bonus) def. Cody Stamman: $78,000
Puja Tomar: $20,000 (includes $10,000 win bonus) def. Rayanne Amanda: $12,000
== See also ==
2024 in UFC
List of current UFC fighters
List of UFC events
== References ==


The Men's 60 kg event at the 2022 World Judo Championships was held at the Humo Ice Dome arena in Tashkent, Uzbekistan on 6 October 2022.
== Results ==
=== Finals ===
=== Repechage ===
=== Pool A ===
=== Pool B ===
=== Pool C ===
=== Pool D ===
== References ==
== External links ==
2022 World Judo Championships – men's 60 kg at the International Judo Federation
2022 World Judo Championships – men's 60 kg at JudoInside.com


Gibbet Hill may refer to:
Gibbet Hill (County Wexford), a summit and marilyn in Ireland
Gibbet Hill (Massachusetts), a summit in the United States
Gibbet Hill (University of Warwick), a university campus in Warwickshire, England
Gibbet Hill, Hindhead, a summit in Surrey, England
Gibbet Hill (short story), an 1890 short story by Bram Stoker
== See also ==
Gibbett Hill Formation, Eastern Newfoundland, Canada
Gibbet Mill (disambiguation)


Mathias Katamba is a Ugandan economist, business executive, entrepreneur and banker. He was appointed as the non-executive chairman of the Uganda National Oil Company (UNOC), effective March 2024. Previously, from January 2019 until January 2023, he was the managing director and chief executive officer of DFCU Bank, a commercial bank in Uganda.
Before that, he was the managing director and chief executive officer of Housing Finance Bank, a commercial bank, co-owned by the Ugandan government and the National Social Security Fund (Uganda), a semi-autonomous retirement pension organisation for non-government employees in Uganda.
== Education ==
Katamba had his early education in Uganda, attending St. Mary's College Kisubi for his secondary education. He then entered the University of Greenwich, in England, graduating with the degree of Bachelor of Arts in Economics. His degree of Master of Science in Financial Management was obtained from the University of East London, also in the UK. He also holds the postgraduate Diploma in Public Relations, awarded by the Chartered Institute of Public Relations (CIPR), another UK institution. Over the years, he has attended advanced leadership courses from several institutions, including Harvard Kennedy School and Wharton Business School.
== Work experience ==
Even while still in school, Katamba exhibited entrepreneurial skill, by starting a business during the break between middle and high school.
For the past 10 to 15 years, he has been intimately associated with Uganda's banking industry. He is credited with:
The transformation of Pride Microfinance Limited from a Non-Government Organization (NGO), into a Tier III Deposit-taking microfinance financial institution (MFI).
The transformation of Uganda Finance Trust Limited, from a Tier III, Deposit-Taking MFI into  a Tier 1 commercial bank, Finance Trust Bank.
In 2011, following 5 years at the helm of Uganda Finance Trust Limited, he took a beak from commercial banking until he was appointed CEO of Housing Finance Bank, in April 2014. Prior to that, he was Managing Partner and co-founder of Progression Capital Africa (PCA), a US$40 million private equity fund based in Mauritius. Before joining Finance Trust Bank, he worked at several national and regional, notable financial institutions; including  Orient Bank (now I&M Bank Uganda), PostBank Uganda and Absa Group Limited.
== See also ==
Anthony Kituuka
List of banks in Uganda
== References ==
== External links ==
Website of Uganda National Oil Company


Pierre DuPont may refer to:
Pierre DuPont (carpet maker) (1560–1640), founder of French carpet making
Pierre Samuel du Pont de Nemours (1739–1817), French-American entrepreneur and founder of the du Pont family dynasty
Pierre Dupont de l'Étang (1765–1840), French general
Pierre Dupont (1821–1870), French songwriter
Pierre S. du Pont (1870–1954), Du Pont Company and General Motors executive
Pierre S. du Pont IV (born 1935), American lawyer and politician, Governor of Delaware
Pierre Dupont (Tomb Raider), fictional character from the Tomb Raider video game series


William Henderson is a Scottish curler. He is a 1980 European champion.
== Teams ==
== References ==
== External links ==
Bill Henderson at World Curling


Nikolaos Lazarou (born 6 August 1942) is a Greek wrestler. He competed in the men's Greco-Roman 63 kg at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
== References ==


Stephen Mennell (born 1944 in Yorkshire, England) is Professor Emeritus of Sociology at University College Dublin.
Mennell was educated at Huddersfield New College in West Yorkshire, and gained his BA in Economics in 1966 from St Catharine's College, Cambridge (MA 1970) and his Doctorate at the University of Amsterdam. He was a Frank Knox Memorial Fellow (1966–67) at Harvard University. After returning from America, he taught at the University of Exeter, England, from 1967 to 1990, when he became Professor of Sociology in the Department of Anthropology and Sociology at Monash University in Australia, before returning to Europe as Professor at University College Dublin in 1993. At UCD, along with his wife Barbara, he founded UCD Press on behalf of the university, and he also served as first Director (1999–2002) of what is now the Geary Institute, a new social scientific research institute established with Irish government support.
Stephen Mennell's major intellectual influence is Norbert Elias, and he is now a member of the Board of the Norbert Elias Foundation, Amsterdam - in effect one of Elias's executors. He is General Editor of the Collected Works of Norbert Elias]in English, which are being published in 18 volumes by UCD Press.
Elias's influence is especially evident in Mennell's landmark book All Manners of Food: Eating and Taste in England and France from the Middle Ages to the Present (1985), and in The American Civilizing Process (2007). His other books include Sociological Theory: Uses and Unities (1974; rev. edn 1980), Alexis de Tocqueville on Democracy, Revolution and Society  (edited with John Stone, 1980), and two selections of Elias's writings edited with Johan Goudsblom. He is member of the editorial board of the journal Food & History.
Stephen Mennell was awarded the degree of Doctor of Letters by the University of Cambridge in 2004, and elected a Foreign Member of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences in the same year. In 2009 he was elected a Member of the Royal Irish Academy.
...Мany sociologists – ‘theorists’ especially – see no value in ideas that are clearly expressed rather than dressed up in obscurantism and neologisms.
== References ==
== External links ==
A full list of his publications can be found at www.stephenmennell.eu


Yoshifumi Saito (斉藤 好史, Saitō Yoshifumi, born 1 October 1958) is a Japanese former water polo player who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics.
== References ==

