
The United States national professional ballroom dance champions are crowned at the United States Dance Championships (formerly USDSC, and USBC), as recognized by the National Dance Council of America (NDCA) and the World Dance & DanceSport Council (WD&DSC).
The American Rhythm division consists of American-style cha cha, rumba, East Coast swing, bolero, and mambo.
== U.S. National Champions ==
== See also ==
U.S. National Dancesport Champions (Professional Standard)
U.S. National Dancesport Champions (Professional Latin)
U.S. National Dancesport Champions (Professional Smooth)
U.S. National Dancesport Champions (Professional 10-Dance)
U.S. National Dancesport Champions (Professional 9-Dance)
Dancesport World Champions (rhythm)
== References ==
== External links ==
United States Dance Sport Championships (USDSC)
National Dance Council of America (NDCA)
Dancesport Competitions
Dancesport Info


"Speed" (スピード) is the fourth single released by the Japanese rock band Buck-Tick. It was released as the first single from the group's sixth studio album, Kurutta Taiyou, on January 21, 1991, through Victor Entertainment. The single was released as an 8 cm CD in a cassette-like sleeve case that featured a re-worked version of the cover to Kurutta Taiyou. "Speed" peaked at number 3 on the Oricon music chart during the third week of 1991. It is band's 3rd best-selling single, with over 180,000 copies sold.
== Background, recording and release ==
The song was written by vocalist Atsushi Sakurai and lead guitarist Hisashi Imai in 1990 shortly after the release of Buck-Tick's fifth studio album Aku no Hana for their then-upcoming sixth studio album Kurutta Taiyou. Initially, the song was titled "Acid"; however, the title was changed to "Speed" as the band deemed that titling "Acid" was "too risky", as Imai had been arrested for LSD possession after a concert during the group's tour for their fourth studio album Taboo in May 1989. "Speed", along with the single's b-side "Narcissus", was recorded on October 18, 1990, at Victor Studio in Tokyo during the recording sessions for Kurutta Taiyou. The song was released as the first single from the album on January 21, 1991, followed by its release as the first track on Kurutta Taiyou on February 20, 1991. In the liner notes to Kurutta Taiyou, the line "ii ashido" (good acid) was censored by the group's record label, Victor Entertainment. Sakurai has made references to this by whispering words for various drugs or not singing the line during live performances.
== Live performances ==
Since its release, "Speed" has become a fan favorite and a live concert staple, being performed at most of the group's concerts since 1990. Though it has been performed less in recent years since 2010. During most live performances of the song, Sakurai will change the line "ii ashido" (good acid) and whisper the word "jouzai" (pill) as a reference to the line being censored in the album's original liner notes. Though during a live performance on the TV show Music Station in 1991, Sakurai held the microphone down to the audience during this part and mouthed "kokain" (cocaine) to the camera.
== Cover versions ==
"Speed" has been covered by a number of other Japanese artists. It was covered by MCU from the pop/hip hop group Kick the Can Crew for the Buck-Tick tribute album Parade -Respective Tracks of Buck-Tick- in 2005, as well as the visual kei rock band 9Goats Black Out on the compilation album Crush!: 90s V-Rock Best Hit Cover Songs in 2011.
== Track listing ==
== Personnel ==
Atsushi Sakurai - lead vocals
Hisashi Imai - lead guitar
Hidehiko Hoshino - rhythm guitar
Yutaka Higuchi - bass
Toll Yagami - drums
== References ==
== External links ==
Music video for "Speed" on YouTube


Englerophytum is a group of trees in the family Sapotaceae described as a genus in 1914.
Englerophytum consists primarily of trees. Their leaves are leathery with dense appressed hairs on the undersides. The genus is widespread across tropical and southern Africa. It is found in the countries of Angola, Benin, Botswana, Burundi, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Republic of Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC), Equatorial Guinea, Eswatini, Gabon, Ghana, Guinea, Ivory Coast, Kenya, Liberia, Malawi, Mozambique, Nigeria, Rwanda, Sierra Leone, South Africa ( KwaZulu-Natal, Cape Province and Northern Provinces) Tanzania, Togo, Uganda, Zambia and Zimbabwe.
The genus name of Englerophytum is in honour of Adolf Engler (1844–1930), a German botanist, and also; phytum, a Greek word meaning "plant".
== Species ==
The genus contains the following species:
Englerophytum congolense (De Wild.) Aubrév. & Pellegr. — Gabon, DRC
Englerophytum ferrugineum L.Gaut. & O.Lachenaud — Gabon
Englerophytum gigantifolium O.Lachenaud & L.Gaut. — Gabon
Englerophytum iturense (Engl.) L.Gaut. — Gabon, DRC
Englerophytum koulamoutouense (Aubrév. & Pellegr.) ined. — Gabon, Republic of Congo
Englerophytum laurentii (De Wild.) ined. — from Cameroon to Angola
Englerophytum le-testui (Aubrév. & Pellegr.) ined. — Gabon, Republic of Congo
Englerophytum libenii O.Lachenaud & L.Gaut. — Cameroon, Gabon
Englerophytum longipedicellatum (De Wild.) ined. — Gabon, DRC
Englerophytum magalismontanum (Sond.) T.D.Penn. — Tanzania, Angola, Malawi, Mozambique, Zambia, Zimbabwe, Botswana, KwaZulu-Natal, Limpopo, Mpumalanga, Eswatini
Englerophytum mayumbense (Greves) ined. — Gabon, Republic of Congo, Angola (Cabinda)
Englerophytum natalense (Sond.) T.D.Penn. — Kenya, Uganda, Tanzania, Malawi, Mozambique, Zimbabwe, KwaZulu-Natal, Limpopo, Mpumalanga, Eswatini, Cape Province
Englerophytum oblanceolatum (S.Moore) T.D.Penn. — W + C Africa from Liberia to Kenya
Englerophytum oubanguiense (Aubrév. & Pellegr.) Aubrév. & Pellegr. — W + C Africa
Englerophytum paludosum L.Gaut., Burgt & O.Lachenaud — Cameroon to Republic of Congo
Englerophytum rwandense (Troupin) ined. — Rwanda, Burundi
Englerophytum somiferanum Aubrév. — Gabon
Englerophytum stelechantha K.Krause — Cameroon, Gabon, Republic of Congo
Englerophytum sylverianum Kenfack & L.Gaut. — Cameroon to Equatorial Guinea
== Gallery ==
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
== References ==


Transworld is a British publishing house in Ealing, London that is a division of Penguin Random House, one of the world's largest mass media groups. It was established in 1950 as the British division of American company Bantam Books. It publishes fiction and nonfiction titles by various best-selling authors including Val Wood under several different imprints. Hardbacks are published under the Doubleday imprint, whereas paperbacks are published under the Black Swan or Corgi imprint. The Bantam Press imprint publishes both Hardbacks and Prestige softcovers.
== Terry Pratchett First Novel Award ==
Transworld sponsors the Terry Pratchett First Novel Award for unpublished science-fiction novels.
== See also ==
List of largest UK book publishers
== References ==
== External links ==
Official website
Company history (as of 2012)
Corgi Books - a book series published by Transworld from the 1950s


Formally constituted in 1965 (1965), Central Power Engineering Service (CPES) is a Group-A & Group- B Central Engineering Services under the administrative control of Ministry of Power (MoP) in India. CPES is the only organized Service under Ministry of Power. It deals with Indian Power sector which is one of the most complex and diverse in the world owing to vast geography, terrains, climatic condition, natural resources available in India.
== Recruitment ==
CPES officers are recruited for the Group-A & Group-B posts on the basis of Engineering Services Examination (ESE) conducted annually by Union Public Service Commission (UPSC). Total Sanctioned Cadres strength of the cadre is 541; with Group A strength of 432 and Gr B with 109.
== Training ==
CPES Officers are provided training at Induction level at National Power Training Institute (NPTI) Faridabad for a period of minimum 34 weeks covering various modules on the subjects/ areas like Regulations, Thermal Power, Hydro Power, Transmission, Load dispatch, Renewable, Secretariat training on office procedures and Management training etc. On Job Training is also conducted at Thermal Power Stations, Hydro Power Stations, Sub Stations, Transmission lines, Load Dispatch Centres, Solar Power Parks, Wind Power Stations at various locations in the country. NPTI has been designated as Cadre Training Institute for CPES.
== Allocation of Wing/Division/Circle/other units to officers ==
A candidate recommended by UPSC reports to Central Electricity Authority after his/her allocation to Central Power Engineering Service, to join at the post of Assistant Director/ Assistant Executive Engineer. CEA is an attached office
of Ministry of Power and statutory body under the Electricity Act 2003. CEA formulates technical standards of Indian power sector. Ministry invariably seeks advice of CEA almost in all techno-economic matters. Further, some of the officers at various levels are posted at Ministry of Power (main), four Regional Power Survey Offices (RPSOs), five Regional Power Committees (RPCs) and five Regional Inspectorate Offices (RIOs) located at New Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai, Bengaluru, Kolkata and Shillong. CPES has encadred SAG level posts (Board Members) at Krishna River Management Board (KRMB), Godavari River Management Board (GRMB) and Polavaram Project Authority (PPA) with postings at Hyderabad.
== Role of Officers ==
CPES officers play versatile roles, amidst growing challenges, for the development and management of Power Sector of the country.
Some of these are as follows
1. Formulation of National Electricity Plan and National Electricity Policy	
2. Thermal Project Monitoring	
3. Hydro Power Engineering and Development	
4. Hydro Project Concurrence and monitoring	
5. Thermal Power Engineering and Technology Development	
6. Transmission Planning, appraisal and Monitoring	
7. Power System Engineering and Technology Development
8. Management of country's resources pertaining to Power Sector
9. Research and Development in Power Sector
10. Providing technical advice to Central Govt, State Govts, Electricity Regulatory Commissions (CERC and SERCs) and other agencies in the Power Sector
11. Distribution Planning, Development and Monitoring
12. Grid management and formulating various regulation for Power Sector
13. Strive to provide affordable and quality power for all
== Career Progression ==
According to 2015 Recruitment Rules of CPES cadre an officer inducted at Group ‘A’ is expected to put in minimum 4 years of service at JTS level, and 5 years at STS level before his/her promotion to the level of Junior Administrative Grade/ Non Functional Selection Grade (JAG/ NFSG) level.
Officers recruited at Group ‘B’ level need to serve minimum 2 regular years to be eligible for promotion to Group ‘A’ level.
The Career Progression framework has been shown in the table below:
During their tenure at Junior Time Scale (JTS) and Senior Time Scale (STS) level, the officers develop requisite competencies for greater responsibilities at JAG/ NFSG level. A CPES officer may further be promoted to the level of Senior Administrative Grade (SAG) and Higher Administrative Grade (HAG) level after putting in a minimum of 17 years and 25 years of Gr. A service respectively subject to other terms and conditions. There is practically no stagnation at most of the levels in CPES Cadre and promotion takes place at regular intervals.
Further, pay parity with two years junior batch IAS officers, who are on central posting, is ensured for CPES officers with Non-Functional Upgradation (NFU). 
CPES is among 38 Central Civil Services eligible for participation in Central Staffing Scheme (CSS) Deputation which provides opportunities to officers to serve in various Ministries of Central govt like MHA, MoD, MoCA, MoC, MEA, DPE, etc.
Officers also go on deputation to various State Electricity Regulatory Commissions (SERCs), Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (CERC), Appellate Tribunal of Electricity (APTEL), etc. during the service and post retirement as Members as well.
== References ==


The Indian cricket team toured Zimbabwe for cricket matches in August and September 2005. The Indians played in the Videocon Tri-Series in Zimbabwe, winning three of five matches but losing the final to finish second in the three-team tournament, and they played Zimbabwe for two Test matches in September 2005 (the Royal Stag test series). The hosts Zimbabwe were ninth out of ten teams in the ICC Test Championship, with their last win against the top eight Test nations coming in June 2001, against India. They did not manage to win a match here either, as India, led by the performances of fast bowler Irfan Pathan (who took 21 wickets), won the series 2–0 after an innings win in the first Test and a 10-wicket win in the second. India consolidated their third place in the Test championship with the win, which was also their first series win in Zimbabwe in four attempts.
This was also the final Test match contested in Zimbabwe before the team was suspended from Test cricket.
== Squads ==
India: Sourav Ganguly (captain), Dinesh Karthik (wicket-keeper) Ajit Agarkar, Lakshmipathy Balaji, Rahul Dravid, Gautam Gambhir, Harbhajan Singh, Dheeraj Jadhav, Mohammad Kaif, Zaheer Khan, Anil Kumble, VVS Laxman, Irfan Pathan, Virender Sehwag, Yuvraj Singh
Zimbabwe: Tatenda Taibu (captain and wicket-keeper), Andy Blignaut, Charles Coventry, Keith Dabengwa, Terry Duffin, Dion Ebrahim, Blessing Mahwire, Hamilton Masakadza, Waddington Mwayenga, Heath Streak, Brendan Taylor, Prosper Utseya, Sean Williams
== Schedule ==
== ODI series ==
India won three of five matches in this tournament, beating Zimbabwe twice in the group stage (by 161 runs and four wickets), and New Zealand once, but they lost the final and thus finished second out of the three teams.
== First-class leg ==
=== Tour match: Zimbabwe Board XI v India, 8–10 September ===
Match drawn
Dion Ebrahim fought off the bowling efforts of Zaheer Khan, Lakshmipathy Balaji and Anil Kumble to make 169 for Zimbabwe Board XI against India – the only Zimbabwean top-order batsman to pass 20, although number nine Keith Dabengwa made 60. Zimbabwe declared on 294 for 9, Kumble having taken five for 48, while Khan and Balaji leaked runs. Then, Virender Sehwag, Gautam Gambhir and Rahul Dravid made centuries, and India eased to 572 for 9, with Graeme Cremer picking up four wickets. Balaji picked up the wicket of Terry Duffin for 0, but Hamilton Masakadza and Brendan Taylor added 96 as Zimbabwe batted out for the draw.
=== First Test: India v Zimbabwe, 13–16 September ===
Zimbabwe battled well on the first day of the two-Test series with India, as opening batsman Terry Duffin survived early jitters to become the first Zimbabwean to make a half-century on debut since Stuart Matsikenyeri, while the team made their highest score since the tour of Bangladesh last season. Duffin and Brendan Taylor started reasonably well, adding 25 before Taylor inside edged onto his pad and the ball popped up to Gautam Gambhir who took a good catch. Hamilton Masakadza stepped in, and looked quite settled before gloving the ball down the leg side to the wicket-keeper for 14. Dion Ebrahim survived with Duffin until lunch, however, as Zimbabwe made their way to 75 for 2.
After lunch, Zimbabwe fought back, with Duffin hitting some technically sound boundaries. They brought up 100 in just over five overs after lunch, with no further loss, but Duffin was eventually dismissed lbw for 56 – out to a trademark inswinger from Irfan Pathan. Pathan got another wicket in his next over, as Dion Ebrahim was caught and bowled, and suddenly Zimbabwe could be looking at a familiar collapse, with the score 124 for 4.
The current and former captains of the Zimbabwe team, Tatenda Taibu and Heath Streak, had other thoughts, however. The pair added 70 in a fine rearguard effort, while not rejecting the odd high-scoring shot either, and frustrated the Indian bowlers for 25 overs. Eventually it was India's most experienced bowler, 34-year-old Anil Kumble, who broke the defences – Streak couldn't quite read the turn of the ball correctly, and was caught for 27. Kumble also dismissed young Charles Coventry for 2, leaving Taibu with all-rounder Andy Blignaut.
Blignaut was strangely subdued for the 33 deliveries he faced, and although he did attempt some ODI-style heaves, they mostly missed both his bat and the off stump. Blignaut was eventually lbw for 4, but Keith Dabengwa came to the rescue with an entertaining 35 to bat out the day. He yielded a catch to VVS Laxman at first slip off Irfan Pathan in the second over of the morning, however, as Zimbabwe only managed to add ten to their overnight score for the loss of three wickets. Pathan was the pick of the Indian bowlers, swinging the ball well to dismiss Gavin Ewing and Blessing Mahwire as well, as Zimbabwe were all out for 279 – with Tatenda Taibu left not out for 71.
However, in sunny conditions and on a good batting track, India found the going very easy. Admittedly Dabengwa dropped a hard catch off Virender Sehwag on 5, and Sehwag made the Zimbabweans pay, pounding six fours and one six in a 44 before Mahwire found a way through his defences at the stroke of lunch. India had added 88 for the first wicket, however, and although Gautam Gambhir departed for 46 shortly after lunch, the foundation was laid down. Rahul Dravid was back to his form from before the one-day series, and VVS Laxman also survived a tricky period to hit his eighth Test century. Mahwire added yet another wicket to his tally, as he lured Dravid into an edge that fell into Brendan Taylor's hands, but Laxman pounded Zimbabwe's bowlers in the evening session, giving them a relatively comfortable lead of 46 runs at stumps on day two.
Zimbabwe had a good morning session on the third day, by their standards, as Laxman was run out for 140 and Yuvraj Singh and Dinesh Karthik were dismissed in successive overs. Captain Ganguly, however, held together well with the lower order, and he notched up the half-century along with his 5000th Test run before lunch, and India battled out the morning session with no further loss. And in the afternoon session, India's spinners took some beating. Dabengwa and Ewing bowled all but one over of the 37-over long session, despite Irfan Pathan defying the bowlers for 52 and Ganguly nurdling his way to 97 before tea, as Taibu seemed content with Ewing tying down the runs. He did not even do that very efficiently – by tea, his bowling analysis read 38–5–111–0, but he got a breakthrough three overs into the evening as the Indian captain smashed the ball straight to Dabengwa for 101. By the time, however, the Indian score had soared past 500, and in a frantic 40-ball feast at the end Harbhajan Singh, Zaheer Khan and Anil Kumble combined to add 52 for the last two wickets.
The hosts did not put up as much fight in the second innings as in the first, however. During the course of 45 minutes, Irfan Pathan had removed four Zimbabwean batsmen – Taylor made 4, Masakadza 2, Ebrahim 2 and Streak a golden duck. Duffin, the discovery of the first innings, was also dismissed by Zaheer for 2. Only Taibu seemed vaguely comfortable against the swing bowler, and his partnership with Coventry at least added 49 runs on the board. However, in the last scheduled over of the day, Coventry gave a catch to Gambhir off Harbhajan Singh, resulting in Harbhajan's 200th Test wicket. Zimbabwe thus needed 208 for their last four wickets to avoid the innings defeat.
Zimbabwe resisted for a session on the fourth day against the Indian spinners, but Harbhajan and Anil Kumble chipped away with wickets, first by removing Blignaut for a well-struck 26, and then Taibu and Dabengwa in quick succession. Needing only one more wicket for the win, India attacked, but the fielder at short leg dropped Gavin Ewing early on and he answered by smashing the spin bowlers around. Ewing and Mahwire added 47 runs in 13 overs before Harbhajan finally got a ball to spin back into Ewing's pads – gone for 34, but at least he got a somewhat useful score. Nevertheless, Zimbabwe were all out for 185, and they suffered yet another innings defeat.
=== Second Test, Zimbabwe v India, 20–22 September ===
Zimbabwe made one change from the previous Test, exchanging Ewing for Test debutante Waddington Mwayenga, gave the Indian slip fielders and wicket-keeper a lot of practice during the first morning of the second Test of the series, as four catches went to hand during the first 69 balls of the match. It started with Brendan Taylor, who edged to Rahul Dravid with the third delivery of the match, out for 4. Terry Duffin and Dion Ebrahim showed more patience, lasting for ten overs, but once Irfan Pathan found Duffin's outside edge Zimbabwe lost three wickets for no runs. Captain Tatenda Taibu, who had been top-scorer in both innings in the last Test, made a two-ball duck, while Dion Ebrahim was caught behind off Zaheer Khan, Zaheer's first wicket in the match. Heath Streak and Hamilton Masakadza survived for fifteen overs – four of them bowled by captain Sourav Ganguly, testing his skills with the swinging ball – but Streak eventually edged a ball from Harbhajan onto his pads and into the hands of Gautam Gambhir, leaving Zimbabwe at 75 for 5 at lunch.
Pathan continued the rout after the break, helped by Harbhajan, who snared Coventry for Zimbabwe's best score of the innings, a typical stroke-filled 37, including four fours and a six. After his nine-wicket-haul in the first match that left him with Man of the Match honours, Pathan now removed Masakadza, Blignaut, Dabengwa and Mahwire, to end with career best figures of seven for 59. Zimbabwe's innings had lasted 44.2 overs, yielded 161 runs (the Test debutant Mwayenga contributing with 14 not out from number 11) and included eight catches and two lbws.
India's innings was as easy as it had been a week ago. From the first 12 overs, Sehwag and Gambhir added 75 runs, before Sehwag edged Streak behind for a run-a-ball 44. Gambhir continued, though, and India lost no further wickets until the close of play, leaving them on 195 for 1 with Gambhir five runs short of his second Test century. Rahul Dravid was more subdued, only making 49 from 103 balls, and he was occasionally troubled by Streak – but not enough to surrender his wicket.
Zimbabwe had better luck on day two, as the removal of Gautam Gambhir fifteen balls into the morning incited a return to accurate line and length bowling. The run rate was slow for today's Test cricket, as India accumulated only 2.46 runs per over in the first two sessions, including a period of 14 overs without a single boundary. India went defensive after losing Laxman for 8, and Dravid and Ganguly ground out the runs – only for Ganguly to depart for 16 shortly before lunch, giving Mwayenga his first Test wicket. Dravid and Yuvraj Singh pushed gently onwards after the break, adding 61 in 21 overs, but the new ball, delivered from the hands of Streak and Mahwire, caused them to miss the ball often. Eventually, Streak had Yuvraj Singh bowled with a fine inswinger, and Dravid followed two balls later, clean bowled by Mahwire for 98.
Streak bowled an unbroken 14-over spell from the 80-over mark, with only the 15-minute tea break as respite, but the spell yielded a further three wickets – Pathan added another typically belligerent 32 before Charles Coventry held a catch, while wicket-keeper Dinesh Karthik and Anil Kumble were both out in single figures, and Andy Blignaut ended the innings by dismissing Zaheer. Despite taking the last eight wickets for 200 runs – respectable by most measure – Zimbabwe had surrendered a 205-run lead, and their batting was not up to close that gap.
Irfan Pathan was keen to emulate Streak's feat with the new ball, and he did, removing openers Duffin and Taylor to reach 18 wickets for the series. Zaheer, meanwhile, induced two catches in the gully as Zimbabwe lost the first four wickets for 21 runs. Masakadza and Streak survived until the close of play, adding a further 18, but the further 166 runs required to have India bat again looked enormous.
Streak was dismissed early in the morning, but spirited innings from Coventry and Blignaut, along with Masakadza's third Test fifty, delayed the result somewhat, preventing Zimbabwe from suffering their sixth successive innings defeat. Coventry added a belligerent 25 before holing out to Ganguly at midwicket, while Blignaut was the beneficiary of five dropped chances by the Indian fielders – including three in an over bowled by Zaheer Khan. At the other end, however, the 22-year-old Masakadza composed 71, his highest Test score for four years and his third-highest score overall. Masakadza and Blignaut raced away, adding 151 before lunch, and they took the score to 201 for 6 before an all too familiar collapse struck. Masakadza started it, trapped lbw by Pathan, and Dabengwa and Mahwire both went for ducks. Zimbabwe needed three runs to avoid the innings defeat, and once they were provided, Blignaut started swinging. He hit two sixes after the departure of Mahwire, but debutant Mwayenga deserted him, lbw to Zaheer for 1.
Needing 20 to win, India hardly needed the 15-minute innings break – they wrapped it up with 14 deliveries, as they were handed the game with four leg side byes from Blignaut. Sehwag had hit three fours in a routine unbeaten 14 as India made it to 20 for no loss with ease.
(Cricinfo scorecard)
== Notes ==
== References ==
== External links ==
ESPNcricinfo – Zimbabwe v India 2005–06
ESPNcricinfo news bulletins and scorecards


Dr. Anya Waite is a Canadian biological oceanographer working at the Ocean Frontier Institute at Dalhousie University.
== Career ==
Anya Waite is a biological oceanographer who is currently Associate Vice-President Research (Ocean) at Dalhousie University in Nova Scotia, Canada), and the Chief Executive Officer of the Ocean Frontier Institute. 
She was previously Winthrop Professor at the University of Western Australia's Oceans Institute, the Section Head of Polar Biological Oceanography at the Alfred Wegener Institute in Bremerhaven, and a professor of oceanography in the biology department at the University of Bremen. Throughout her time at the University of Western Australia, she was awarded the PCB Professional Development Scholarship. 
Dr. Anya Waite is the first woman to co-chair the Global Ocean Observing System (GOOS).
Dr. Waite is also featured on a digital poster as part of the Ingenium - Canada's Museums of Science and Innovation Women in STEM initiative that aim to make equity-deserving groups in STEM more visible, to promote careers for equity-deserving groups in STEM, to highlight issues of inequality, and to celebrate achievements and advocates.
== Education ==
Waite earned a BSc in biology from Dalhousie and a PhD in biological oceanography from the University of British Columbia.
== Selected publications ==
Waite, AM; Thompson, PA; Pesant, S; Feng, M; Beckley, LE; Domingues, CM; Gaughan, D (2007). "The Leeuwin Current and its eddies: An introductory overview". Deep Sea Research Part II: Topical Studies in Oceanography. 54 (8–10): 789–96. Bibcode:2007DSRII..54..789W. doi:10.1016/j.dsr2.2006.12.008.
Raven, JA; Waite, AM (2004). "The evolution of silicification in diatoms: Inescapable sinking and sinking as escape?". New Phytologist. 162 (1): 45–61. doi:10.1111/j.1469-8137.2004.01022.x.
Waite, AM; Thompson, PA; Harrison, PJ (1992). "Does energy control the sinking rates of marine diatoms?". Limnology and Oceanography. 37 (3): 468–477. Bibcode:1992LimOc..37..468W. doi:10.4319/lo.1992.37.3.0468.
== References ==


Waterboys (ウォーターボーイズ, Wōtā Bōizu) is a 2001 Japanese comedy film written and directed by Shinobu Yaguchi, about five boys who start a synchronized swimming team at their high school. The film stars Satoshi Tsumabuki (Suzuki, the leader of the team), Hiroshi Tamaki (Sato), Akifumi Miura (Ohta), Koen Kondo (Kanazawa), Takatoshi Kaneko (Saotome) and Naoto Takenaka (the dolphin trainer).
The film was a success in Japan, and was nominated for eight prizes at the Japan Academy Prize, winning awards for 'Best Newcomer' and 'Best Music Score'.  A spin-off television series entered its third season in 2005.
== Plot ==
Suzuki is a high-school student who aspires to become a great swimmer; however, he is the only person in the school's swimming team. Soon, a beautiful new swimming teacher starts work at the high school. Dozens of boys decide to join the swimming team, but when they realize that she teaches synchronized swimming (which is generally a women's sport), all but Suzuki and four other boys drop out.  The teacher soon takes maternity leave, and for some time the team is on hiatus. However, when Suzuki watches a dolphin show he decides to ask the dolphin trainer to be their coach.
The dolphin trainer exploits them as free labour and has no intention of training them, and in an attempt to ditch them, leaves all his cash with them to have to practice "rhythm" using Dance Dance Revolution. When he runs out of gas, he returns to get some money and discovers that they are totally synchronized and doing well with the game. He takes them back and they continue to train. Later, while training in the sea, a tourist with a video camera films them, thinking that they are drowning, and the boys appear on TV. Seeing this, the boys who had quit rejoin, and are taught synchronized swimming by the five boys.
Before the festival, the pool is drained when the water is used to fight a fire that is caused by a fair attraction, but the neighboring girls' school allows them to use their pool. The performance turns out to be a great success.
== Cast ==
Satoshi Tsumabuki - Suzuki
Hiroshi Tamaki - Sato
Akifumi Miura - Ohta
Koen Kondo - Kanazawa
Takatoshi Kaneko - Saotome
Aya Hirayama - Shizuko Kiuchi
Kaori Manabe - Mrs. Sakuma
Takashi Kawamura - Ikeuchi
Hiroshi Matsunaga - Mochizuki
Yuya Nishikawa - Sakamoto
Katsuyuki Yamazaki - Yama-chan
Taiyo Sugiura - Taiyo
Koutaro Tanaka - Koutarou
Makoto Ishihara - Makoto
== Spin-offs ==
=== TV series ===
Water Boys
Water Boys 2
Water Boys 2005 Natsu
== External links ==
Waterboys official website
Waterboys at IMDb
"ウォーターボーイズ (Wōtā bōizu)" (in Japanese). Japanese Movie Database. Retrieved 2007-07-21.


Respect for persons is the concept that all people deserve the right to fully exercise their autonomy. Showing respect for persons is a system for interaction in which one entity ensures that another has agency to be able to make a choice.
This concept is usually discussed in the context of research ethics. It is one of the three basic principles of research ethics stated in the Belmont Report issued by the Office of Human Subject Research; it comprises two essential moral requirements: to recognize the right for autonomy and to protect individuals who are disadvantaged to the extent that they cannot practice this right.
An autonomous person is defined as an individual who is capable of self-legislation and is able to make judgments and actions based on their particular set of values, preferences, and beliefs. Respecting a person's autonomy thus involves considering their choices and decisions without deliberate obstruction. It also requires that subjects be treated in a non-degrading manner out of respect for their dignity. In practice, respect for persons is operationalized by obtaining Informed Consent from all individuals who are going to be research subjects.
== Vulnerable populations ==
The standard case for applying respect for persons is when the person receiving the health intervention is of sound mind, fit to make personal decisions, and empowered to choose from various options. Other cases involve showing respect to people who for whatever reason are not free to choose among the typical range of options when making a decision.
In medical research ethics, the term Vulnerable Populations generally refers to individuals whose situations do not allow them to protect their own interests. The categories of individuals that constitute Vulnerable Populations are outlined under The Common Rule (45 CFR 46, Subparts A-D). These include individuals who are minors, prisoners, pregnant, physically disabled, mentally disabled, old, economically disadvantaged, educationally disadvantaged, or subordinates in hierarchical groups (e.g. a soldier).
These individuals are entitled to protection, and additional ethical justification is needed to involve such populations in human subject studies. In such cases, a balance should be established between protecting subjects from exploitation and depriving these subjects of access to the potential benefits of research.
Reasons justifying the participation of these subjects would include that some studies could not be carried out without a vulnerable population. Another justification would be that the aim of the study is to gain knowledge to improve diagnosis, prevention or treatment of diseases associated specifically with that population.
== See also ==
Menlo Report
Beneficence
Justice
== References ==


Green is a city in Clay County, Kansas, United States.  As of the 2020 census, the population of the city was 95.
== History ==
A post office was opened in Powellsburgh (an extinct town) in 1872, but it was moved to Green in 1881.
Green was incorporated in 1908. It is named in honor of the fourth Governor of Kansas, Nehemiah Green, who offered to donate a church bell to the town in exchange for the naming rights.
Green was a shipping point on the Union Pacific Railroad.
== Geography ==
According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of 0.20 square miles (0.52 km2), all of it land.
== Demographics ==
=== 2020 census ===
The 2020 United States census counted 95 people, 43 households, and 31 families in Green. The population density was 487.2 per square mile (188.1/km2). There were 53 housing units at an average density of 271.8 per square mile (104.9/km2). The racial makeup was 97.89% (93) white or European American (97.89% non-Hispanic white), 0.0% (0) black or African-American, 1.05% (1) Native American or Alaska Native, 0.0% (0) Asian, 0.0% (0) Pacific Islander or Native Hawaiian, 1.05% (1) from other races, and 0.0% (0) from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race was 1.05% (1) of the population.
Of the 43 households, 44.2% had children under the age of 18; 53.5% were married couples living together; 20.9% had a female householder with no spouse or partner present. 23.3% of households consisted of individuals and 11.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.0 and the average family size was 3.4. The percent of those with a bachelor’s degree or higher was estimated to be 23.2% of the population.
18.9% of the population was under the age of 18, 9.5% from 18 to 24, 21.1% from 25 to 44, 28.4% from 45 to 64, and 22.1% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 45.2 years. For every 100 females, there were 111.1 males. For every 100 females ages 18 and older, there were 97.4 males.
The 2016-2020 5-year American Community Survey estimates show that the median household income was $65,481 (with a margin of error of +/- $21,296) and the median family income was $66,442 (+/- $1,804). Males had a median income of $47,813 (+/- $25,760) versus $26,786 (+/- $16,562) for females. The median income for those above 16 years old was $32,500 (+/- $14,303). Approximately, 5.1% of families and 5.5% of the population were below the poverty line, including 8.3% of those under the age of 18 and 0.0% of those ages 65 or over.
=== 2010 census ===
As of the census of 2010, there were 128 people, 54 households, and 34 families residing in the city. The population density was 640.0 inhabitants per square mile (247.1/km2). There were 68 housing units at an average density of 340.0 per square mile (131.3/km2). The racial makeup of the city was 97.7% White, 1.6% Native American, and 0.8% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino people of any race were 2.3% of the population.
There were 54 households, of which 31.5% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.1% were married couples living together, 7.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.4% had a male householder with no wife present, and 37.0% were non-families. 31.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 3.03.
The median age in the city was 36.6 years. 28.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 3% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 29% were from 25 to 44; 27.3% were from 45 to 64; and 12.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 50.0% male and 50.0% female.
=== 2000 census ===
As of the census of 2000, there were 147 people, 58 households, and 41 families residing in the city. The population density was 752.8 inhabitants per square mile (290.7/km2). There were 71 housing units at an average density of 363.6 per square mile (140.4/km2). The racial makeup of the city was 96.60% White, 0.68% African American and 2.72% Native American. Hispanic or Latino people of any race were 1.36% of the population.
There were 58 households, out of which 41.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.0% were married couples living together, 13.8% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.3% were non-families. 24.1% of all households were made up of individuals, and 10.3% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.05.
In the city, the population was spread out, with 34.0% under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 29.3% from 25 to 44, 19.0% from 45 to 64, and 9.5% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 30 years. For every 100 females, there were 96.0 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.0 males.
The median income for a household in the city was $27,083, and the median income for a family was $29,167. Males had a median income of $21,750 versus $27,500 for females. The per capita income for the city was $11,171. 5.3% of families and 4.4% of the population were living below the poverty line, including 5.6% of those under eighteen and none of those over 64.
== Education ==
The community is served by Clay County USD 379 public school district.
== Gallery ==
		
			
			
		
== References ==
== Further reading ==
== External links ==
Green - Directory of Public Officials
Clay County Mural Map
Green city map, KDOT


Sarah Margaret Nusser (born 1957) is an American statistician and expert on survey methodology. She is vice president for research at Iowa State University, where she is also a professor of statistics and the former director of the Center for Survey Statistics and Methodology. As well as survey statistics, her research publications have included contributions to human nutrition and to environmental statistics.
== Education and career ==
Nusser majored in botany at the University of Wisconsin–Madison, where she graduated in 1980. After earning a master's degree in botany at North Carolina State University in 1983, she switched to Iowa State University for graduate study in statistics, earning a second master's degree in 1987 and completing her Ph.D. in 1990. Her dissertation, Failure Time Analyses for Data Collected from Independent Groups of Correlated Individuals, was supervised by Kenneth J. Koehler.
After working for Procter & Gamble as a statistician, she became an assistant professor at Iowa State in 1992. She served as director of the Center for Survey Statistics and Methodology from 1992 to 2004 and 2007 to 2010, and became affiliated with the graduate programs in Ecology and Evolutionary Biology in 1994 and in Human Computer Interaction in 2004. She was promoted to full professor in 2003, and became vice president for research in 2014.
== Recognition ==
Nusser became a Fellow of the American Statistical Association in 2003, and an Elected Member of the International Statistical Institute in 2012. She was named to the 2021 class of Fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science.
== References ==


Kevin Black may refer to:
Kevin Black (broadcaster) (1943–2013), New Zealand radio broadcaster
Kevin Black (wrestling coach) (born 1979), former American wrestler and current wrestling coach
Kevin Black (The Red Green Show), a fictional character


For other people with this surname, see Torquemada
Antonio de Torquemada (circa 1507, León, Spain - 1569), was a Spanish writer of the Renaissance.
He studied humanities in Salamanca. Between 1528 and 1530 he lived in Italy and he was secretary of the Count of Benavente.
He composed popular works that were translated in France, Italy and England. His Coloquios satíricos are developed in a pastoral frame, that is an advance to the pastoral literature. Two of his famous works, Don Olivante de Laura and Jardín de Flores curiosas  were mentioned by Miguel de Cervantes in the first part of Quijote. His complete works were published in the '90s in Madrid.
== Work ==
Obras completas, Madrid: Turner, 1994-1997.
El Ingenio, o juego de marro, de punto, o damas (Earliest known book about checkers, Valencia, 1547) - Lost, however a mysterious reference in Pedro Ruiz Montero’s 1591 book (“Otra que viene a ser tabla, aunque está en el libro que se imprimió en Valencia antiguamente, y la pone ganada, y yo hallo que es tabla sin ningun remedio por lo qual lo daré a entender”) may be citing this book.
José Antonio Garzón Roger (2010). "Luces sobre el Ingenio, el pionero libro del juego llamado marro de punta, de Juan Timoneda". Centro Francisco Tomás y Valiente, UNED Alzira-Valencia. ISBN 978-84-92885-00.
Govert Westerveld (2015-08-26) "El Ingenio ó Juego de Marro, de Punta ó Damas de Antonio de Torquemada (1547)". ISBN 978-1-326-40451-2 - 228 pages. According to this book it is questionable that the term “Damas” was part of Torquemada’s original title (11).
Coloquios satíricos (Mondoñedo, 1553)
Don Olivante de Laura (Barcelona, 1564) - A book of cavalries
Jardín de Flores curiosas (Salamanca, 1570)
Manual de escribientes (1574) - For secretaries
== References ==


The 2013–14 Wichita State Shockers men's basketball team represented Wichita State University in the 2013–14 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. They played their home games at Charles Koch Arena, which had a capacity of 10,506. They were in their 69th season as a member of the Missouri Valley Conference. They were led by seventh-year head coach Gregg Marshall. They were the last team to finish the regular season and enter the NCAA tournament unbeaten until Kentucky did it the next year.
The 2013–14 season was arguably the best season in Wichita State's 108-year basketball history. After defeating Missouri State on March 1, 2014, Wichita State became the first men's Division I team ever to finish the regular season 31–0 (Kentucky matched it the next year), the first team to finish 18–0 in conference play in the Missouri Valley Conference since the 1985–86 Bradley Braves, as well as the first to finish the regular season undefeated since Saint Joseph's in 2003–04. The team's 35–0 start was the best men's Division I start ever (before Kentucky started 38-0 the next year), beating the 1990–91 UNLV Runnin' Rebels who began the season 34–0 and the best Missouri Valley Conference start ever, beating the 1978–79 Indiana State Sycamores, who went 33–0 to start the season. They spent most of the season in the top 10 of both major polls, rising as high as #2 in late February.  They continued their run by winning their first MVC tournament title since 1987, and were ranked second in both final major media polls, the highest final national ranking in school history. Though some analysts noted that Wichita State's schedule was relatively easy compared to previous teams that finished the regular season primarily because none of their opponents throughout the season were ranked when they played them, as well as only beating one opponent that was ranked at any point in the season (Saint Louis, who also had a lack of quality wins).
They entered the 2014 NCAA Division I men's basketball tournament undefeated at 34–0. The Shockers beat Cal Poly, 64–37. Two days later, and playing their 5th and final straight game at St. Louis' Scottrade Center, Fred VanVleet's three-point attempt at the end-of-game buzzer against Kentucky bounced harmlessly off the rim, and so went their attempt to become the first men's team in 38 years to win the title undefeated.
== Preseason ==
In the 2012–13 college basketball season, the Wichita State University Shockers, under sixth-year head coach Gregg Marshall, finished the season 30–9 and 12–6 in Missouri Valley play to finish in second place. They advanced to the championship game of the Missouri Valley Tournament where they lost to Creighton. They received an at-large bid to the 2013 NCAA Tournament, receiving a 9 seed in the West Region, where they defeated 8 seed Pittsburgh and 1 seed Gonzaga to advance to the Sweet Sixteen. In the West Region semifinals they defeated 13 seed La Salle and 2 seed Ohio State in the regional finals to be crowned West Region Champions and advance to the Final Four for the second time in school history and first time since 1965. In the Final Four, they lost to eventual-champion Louisville, 72–68. Wichita State was ranked #4 in the final Coach's Poll of the 2012-13 season.
== Departures ==
== Class of 2013 recruits ==
== Roster ==
== Schedule ==
== Honors ==
Fred VanVleet was named one of the ten semi-finalists for the Naismith College Player of the Year Award. Cleanthony Early was named one of fifteen finalists for both the Oscar Robertson Award and the John R. Wooden Award.  Early has earned 2014 NCAA Men's Basketball All-American second team recognition from the United States Basketball Writers Association, National Association of Basketball Coaches (NABC), NBC Sports, and USA Today as well as third team recognition from the Associated Press (AP) and honorable mention recognition from Bleacher Report. Early also earned John R. Wooden Award All-American Team recognition. VanVleet was a second team selection by Sports Illustrated and Bleacher Report, and he earned third team All-American recognition from Sporting News and NABC as well as honorable mention recognition from AP.
== Rankings ==
== References ==


The
helmeted honeyeater (Lichenostomus melanops cassidix) is a passerine bird in the honeyeater family.  It is a distinctive and critically endangered subspecies of the yellow-tufted honeyeater, that exists in the wild only as a tiny relict population in the Australian state of Victoria, in the Yellingbo Nature Conservation Reserve.  It is Victoria's only endemic bird, and was adopted as one of the state's official symbols.
== Taxonomy ==
The helmeted honeyeater is one of four subspecies of the yellow-tufted honeyeater.  The taxonomic history of L. m. cassidix is complicated.  Schodde and Mason affirm its subspecific status but suggest that there is intergradation across eastern Victoria and south-eastern New South Wales between it and the nominate subspecies L. m. melanops.  This conclusion disallows L. m. gippslandicus as a taxon, and suggests that cassidix occurs more widely through West Gippsland than is currently recognised.  However genetic research, conducted on behalf of Victoria's helmeted honeyeater recovery team by Hayes, does not support Schodde and Mason's subspecific arrangement, but confirms the distinctiveness of cassidix both as a taxon and the limits of its current geographic range to the Yellingbo area.
== Description ==
The helmeted honeyeater is the largest and most brightly coloured of the yellow-tufted honeyeater subspecies.  It has a distinctive black mask between the yellow throat, pointed yellow ear-tufts and the fixed “helmet” of golden plushlike feathers on the forehead, with a dull golden crown and nape demarcated from the dark olive-brown back and wings.  The underparts are mainly olive-yellow.  It is 17–23 centimetres (6.7–9.1 in) long, weighing 30–40 grams (1.1–1.4 oz), with males larger than the females.
== Distribution and habitat ==
Historically, helmeted honeyeaters were patchily distributed in the mid-Yarra and Western Port catchments of central southern Victoria, in the South Eastern Highlands IBRA bioregion.  Their range and population declined steadily through the 20th century, with the population reaching a low of 15 breeding pairs and about 50 individuals in late 1989,  the year a recovery program began.  Former colonies at Cockatoo and Upper Beaconsfield had become extinct not long before as a consequence of the Ash Wednesday bushfires of February 1983.  Following the implementation of the recovery program the population increased to a peak of about 120 individuals in 1996, but has since declined to about 20 wild breeding pairs.
The wild population of the helmeted honeyeater is now restricted to a five km length of remnant 69 bushland along two streams in the Yellingbo Nature Conservation Reserve near Yellingbo, about 50 km east of central Melbourne, with a small colony of birds bred in captivity established near Tonimbuk in the Bunyip State Park within the historic range of the subspecies.  Captive breeding colonies are held at Taronga Zoo in Sydney and at Healesville Sanctuary, 18 km (11 mi) north of Yellingbo.
The birds inhabit dense riparian vegetation along riverbanks, subject to flooding and dominated by mountain swamp gum with a dense understorey of scented paperbark and woolly tea-tree, and of sedges and tussock grasses.  Historically, the honeyeaters have also occupied manna gum riparian forest.  Key habitat elements include the presence of decorticating (peeling) bark, closely spaced eucalypt stems and dense undergrowth.
== Behaviour ==
Helmeted honeyeaters are sedentary, territorial and aggressive towards other bird species.  In areas of suitable habitat their territories are clumped into colonies with some degree of communal defence of the colony area.  Pairs rarely leave their territories, though some birds wander during the non-breeding period in search of food.
=== Breeding ===
Territories are about 5000 m2 in size.  The breeding season is protracted, lasting from July until March.  The nest is cup-shaped and placed in the outer branchlets of a tree or shrub; it is made of grass and bark, bound with cobwebs, decorated with spider egg-sacs, and lined with soft material.  The first eggs are laid in mid-August and the last in mid-January to late February.  Although some pairs make up to nine nesting attempts during this period, three is more usual.  The average clutch size is two, with new clutches often laid before the young of the previous clutch have become independent.  The incubation period is 14 days, the nestling period 10–14 days, with the chicks becoming independent about 40 days after hatching.  The mean number of young raised to independence annually is 1.5 for each pair.  Males undertake most nest defence activity, and share in feeding the young, while females do most of the nest building, incubation and brooding.
Once they fledge, the young birds disperse from their parents’ territories.  Females may reside temporarily near nectar flows, or near other honeyeater neighbourhoods before returning to their natal colony and mating at the beginning of the next breeding season.  Males may try to establish territories next to those of their parents.
=== Feeding ===
The honeyeaters eat invertebrates, nectar, lerps, honeydew, and eucalypt or other plant sap (manna).  They spend much time gleaning lerps from foliage, invertebrates from behind decorticating bark, and making repeated visits to places where manna is weeping from damaged eucalypt and melaleuca branches.  They may sometimes forage away from their breeding habitat on drier slopes and in heathland.  Chicks are primarily fed on insects.
== Status and conservation ==
As of November 6, 2014 The helmeted honeyeater is listed as critically endangered on the Australian Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999, and as threatened on the Victorian Flora and Fauna Guarantee Act (1988).  On the 2007 advisory list of threatened vertebrate fauna in Victoria it is listed as critically endangered.
=== Threats ===
Because of the honeyeater's small population of fewer than 170 wild birds, and very restricted distribution, several factors, such as drought, disease, wildfire and climate change, have the potential to bring the bird to extinction.  Particular threats are habitat degradation through die-off and the lack of regeneration of the mountain swamp gum community, because of siltation and waterlogging, or by disease and weed invasion. Nest predation, by a suite of native and introduced predators, may also affect nest productivity.
Harassment by bell miners is known to reduce breeding success in helmeted honeyeaters where their territories abut bell miner colonies, and several former helmeted honeyeater colony sites, as well as other patches of suitable habitat, are currently occupied by bell miners, a situation managed in the Yellingbo Reserve by the selective removal of bell miner colonies.
=== Recovery plan ===
Conservation management of the helmeted honeyeater is directed at both the honeyeater population and its habitat.  Population management involves routine monitoring of all breeding attempts, the protection of nests from predators, the establishment of new wild populations through the release of captive-bred birds, the supplementation of wild populations with captive-reared birds by the release of immature birds and the addition of eggs or nestlings to wild nests, and by minimising the risk of inbreeding depression by swapping eggs and nestlings between populations.  Habitat management focuses on the control of erosion and siltation in order to help reestablish a natural flood regime within the Yellingbo reserve, as well as to control weeds and pest animals, to revegetate degraded areas, and to rehabilitate habitat on private land adjacent to the reserve.
== References ==
=== Notes ===
=== Cited texts ===
Department of Environment, Land, Water and Planning , Victoria (DELWP) (2007). Advisory List of Threatened Vertebrate Fauna in Victoria - 2007. East Melbourne, Victoria: Department of Sustainability and Environment. ISBN 978-1-74208-039-0.{{cite book}}:  CS1 maint: multiple names: authors list (link)
Gould, J (1867). The Birds of Australia. Supplement. Pt 4. London: J. Gould. pp. pl.89.
Hayes, V. (1999). Genetic insights into the taxonomy and conservation of the Helmeted Honeyeater (Lichenostomus melanops cassidix) using microsatellites. La Trobe University, Melbourne: BSc (hons) thesis.
Higgins, P.J.; Peter, J.M. & Steele, W.K., eds. (2001). Handbook of Australian, New Zealand and Antarctic Birds. Volume 5: Tyrant-flycatchers to Chats. Melbourne: Oxford University Press. pp. 806–825. ISBN 0-19-553258-9.
Krake, Denise; Thomas, Jim (2000). Husbandry Manual for Yellow-tufted Honeyeaters L. m. cassidix and L. m. gippslandicus. Healesville Sanctuary.
McMahon, A.R.G.; Franklin, D.C. (1993). "The significance of Mountain Swamp Gum for Helmeted Honeyeater populations in the Yarra Valley". Victorian Naturalist. 110: 230–237.
Menkhorst, Peter (2008a). National Recovery Plan for the Helmeted Honeyeater Lichenostomus melanops cassidix (PDF). Melbourne: Department of Sustainability and Environment, Victoria. ISBN 1-74152-351-6.
Menkhorst, Peter (2008b). Background and Implementation Information for the Helmeted Honeyeater Lichenostomus melanops cassidix National Recovery Plan (PDF). Melbourne: Department of Sustainability and Environment, Victoria. ISBN 1-74152-357-5.
Pizzey, Graham & Knight, Frank (2003). Menkhorst, Peter (ed.). The Field Guide to the Birds of Australia (7th ed.). Sydney: HarperCollins. p. 384. ISBN 0-207-19821-7.
Schodde, R.; Mason, I.J. (1999). The Directory of Australian Birds: Passerines. Melbourne: CSIRO Publishing. pp. 243–244. ISBN 0-643-06456-7.
== External links ==
Friends of the Helmeted Honeyeater
EPBC Act List of Threatened Fauna approved under the Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999


The following is a list of county-maintained roads in McLeod County, Minnesota, United States. Some of the routes included in this list are also county-state-aid-highways (CSAH.)
== Route list ==
== External links ==
McLeod County Map
Biscay Map
Brownton Map
Glencoe Map
Hutchinson Map
Lester Prairie Map
Plato Map
Silver Lake Map
Stewart Map
Winsted Map
McLeod County


The Arular Tour is a global concert tour by M.I.A. performed in support of her first studio album Arular (2005). It took place from 2005 to 2006.
The tour featured dates across North America, South America, Canada, Europe, Asia and Australasia. M.I.A. performed sporadically near the end of 2004. One of M.I.A.'s first live performances in London took place in November 2004. She also performed at an event in Puerto Rico and minor gigs in places such as Philadelphia and New York City in the U.S., as well as Hamburg and Berlin in Germany in 2004. Her 2005 tour began with her North American debut performance at the Drake Hotel in Toronto, Ontario on 2 February 2005.
== Tour details ==
The Arular Tour setlist featured songs from her debut album Arular. Some mixes from her mixtape Piracy Funds Terrorism were also performed. M.I.A. did not follow the same setlist at every show. M.I.A. spoke in 2005 of wanting to make her live set "minimal," inspired by gigs of acts such as electroclash musician Peaches which she attended whilst travelling and filming a documentary on her. M.I.A.'s concert following the Drake Hotel gig received a response described as "phenomenal" by organiser Jacob Smid, with attendees already knowing many of her songs.
Sets were sometimes decorated with palm fronds. The stage featured coloured drapes, canvasses and flags she created with prints of her graffiti stencils, paintings, and her album and singles artwork. These featured pictures of anonymous rebel soldiers, tigers, tanks and guns amid jagged colourful patterns. Her stage attire featured similar prints. She wore many contrasting outfits, nearly every item of clothing hand made by friends such as Carri Mundane and herself. In some shows, a video screen displayed images of tigers, looping fighter jets, maps of London and oil rigs.
=== Coachella 2005 ===
M.I.A ended her set in the Gobi tent at the 2005 Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival with the song "Galang", leading to an encore in response to crowd enthusiasm, a rarity for the festival and the first tent encore at Coachella. Describing the performance she said, "When I played three years ago, it was such a crazy moment. It was my first festival and I had only done about five shows in my entire life...They dismantled the stage and had to put it back together because all the people started going, 'M.I.A! M.I.A!' I don't think I'd ever be able to do something like that again, because it was my moment."
=== Later tour ===
Additionally, M.I.A. co-headlined tours with Roots Manuva and LCD Soundsystem during 2005. Her dates from 10 May at the Commodore Ballroom, Canada to 12 June at the 9:30 Club, US were performed with LCD Soundsystem. M.I.A. performed with backup singer Cherry and DJ Diplo on many dates. Spank Rock opened for M.I.A. on a few dates, as did DJ's Rekha, Marlboro and Contra who made appearances on some dates during the tour. Concerts took place at club venues and music festivals. She joined Gwen Stefani on her 2005 tour and ended the Arular tour with performances in Japan in February 2006. M.I.A. performed several sold-out shows during her tour, with Aziz Ansari, Feist, David Byrne, Nas, Kelis, Matt Damon and Natalie Portman among those attending concerts. Recording for her second album Kala followed this tour, which preceded the 2007 KALA Tour.
== Set list ==
This is the set-list from M.I.A.'s sold-out concert at the club S.O.B.s in Manhattan U.S..
"Pull Up the People"
"Fire Fire"
"Sunshowers"
"Hombre"
"M.I.A."
"Amazon"
"10 Dollar"
"Bucky Done Gun"
"Galang"
"U.R.A.Q.T."
"Bingo"
== Tour dates ==
== Notes ==
== References ==
== External links ==
Official site Archived 25 February 2011 at the Wayback Machine
M.I.A. The IGN interview, 2005


The 2001 French Open was the second Grand Slam event of 2001 and the 100th edition of the French Open. It took place at the Stade Roland Garros in Paris, France, from late May through early June, 2001.
== Seeds ==
Champion seeds are indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which those seeds were eliminated.
== Draw ==
=== Key ===
=== Finals ===
=== Top half ===
=== Bottom half ===
== External links ==
Draw
2001 French Open – Doubles draws and results at the International Tennis Federation


HL Group (Korean: HL그룹), formerly Halla Group, is a South Korean chaebol that engages in automobile, construction, distribution/port, investment, education, and sports businesses in Korea and internationally. Its construction business comprises the provision of civil, architectural, housing, plant, and environmental works; supply of construction materials, such as remicon, compounds, and pile concrete; and manufacture and distribution of remicon and aggregates.
== History ==
Halla Group was founded as  Hyundai International, Inc. in 1962. The Halla name was first used in 1978 as the name of a cement company. The name Halla is taken from Mount Halla, a mountain on Jeju Island.
Halla collapsed in 1997 during the 1997 Asian Financial Crisis.
In 2008 Halla repurchased Mando, a car company they sold during the financial crisis. The chaebol also sponsors multiple hockey teams, mainly Anyang Halla in the Asia League Ice Hockey and Kiekko-Vantaa in the Finnish Mestis.
== References ==
== External links ==
hlcompany.com (in English)


Parallel construction is a law enforcement process of building a parallel, or separate, evidentiary basis for a criminal investigation in order to limit disclosure as to the origins of an investigation.
In the US, a particular form is evidence laundering, where one police officer obtains evidence via means that are in violation of the Fourth Amendment's protection against unreasonable searches and seizures, and then passes it on to another officer, who builds on it and gets it accepted by the court under the good-faith exception as applied to the second officer. This practice gained support after the Supreme Court's 2009 Herring v. United States decision.
== By the United States Drug Enforcement Administration ==
In August 2013, a report by Reuters revealed that the Special Operations Division (SOD) of the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration advises DEA agents to practice parallel construction when creating criminal cases against Americans that are based on NSA warrantless surveillance.   The use of illegally obtained evidence is generally inadmissible under the fruit of the poisonous tree doctrine.
Two senior DEA officials explained that the reason parallel construction is used is to protect sources (such as undercover agents or informants) or methods in an investigation. One DEA official had told Reuters: "Parallel construction is a law enforcement technique we use every day. It's decades old, a bedrock concept."
An example from one official about how parallel construction tips work is being told by Special Operations Division that: "Be at a certain truck stop at a certain time and look for a certain vehicle." DEA would alert state troopers and they may wait for that certain vehicle and decide to use drug searching dogs to see if there is any illegal drug-related activity. Parallel construction allows the prosecution building the drug case to hide the source of where the information came from to protect confidential informants or undercover agents who may be involved with the illegal drug operation from endangering their lives.
A number of former federal agents had used parallel construction during their careers, according to Reuters interviews. Most of the former agents had defended the practice of parallel construction because, according to them, no falsified evidence or illegally obtained material were presented in courts..
A judge can rule evidentiary material inadmissible if it is suspected that the evidence was obtained illegally.
Parallel construction in this case in the US usually is the result of tips from the DEA, as well as the Special Operations Division that are derived from sources within foreign governments, intelligence agencies or court-authorized domestic phone recordings. According to a senior law enforcement official and a former US military intelligence official tips are not given to the DEA until citizenship is verified to avoid any illegal wiretapping of US citizens who are abroad. US authorities require a warrant to wiretap domestic US-persons (citizens and non-citizens alike) and to wiretap US citizens who are abroad.
The Reuters piece occurred amid reporting of the 2013 NSA leaks, although it made no "explicit connection" to the Snowden leaks.
== In the United Kingdom ==
The Register argues the Investigatory Powers Act 2016 introduces parallel construction for evidence obtained through surveillance under the act, and prevents it being revealed or questioned in court.
== In World War II ==
Parallel construction was used to hide the fact that the Enigma machine encryption had been cracked. Operations based on intelligence recovered this way were authorized if there was a plausible alternate means for the data to have been obtained. Many losses were suffered when preventing them would have alerted the Nazis that Enigma had been deciphered.
== See also ==
Exclusionary rule
Fourth Amendment to the United States Constitution
Franks v. Delaware
Money laundering
== References ==
== Further reading ==
US: Secret Evidence Erodes Fair Trial Rights by Human Rights Watch (January 9, 2018)


Keith railway station was located on the Adelaide-Wolseley line in Keith, South Australia.
== History ==
=== Opening ===
Keith station was located between Coombe and Brimbago on the Adelaide-Wolseley line, and it was on the Nairne to Bordertown section of the line which opened in 1886. The line opened in stages: on 14 March 1883 from Adelaide to Aldgate, on 28 November 1883 to Nairne, on 1 May 1886 to Bordertown and on 19 January 1887 to Serviceton. The area that the siding was established in was originally known as Mount Monster until the township of Keith was declared in 1889. During the early 20th century, it was proposed to make Keith a junction station for a new railway to Lucindale or to another point on the lines out of Mount Gambier, separate to the existing alignment via Wolseley, but nothing eventuated.
=== Station facilities and upgrades ===
The facilities included at the station included a passenger platform, a goods platform, and a goods shed. A crossing loop was also provided, allowing trains to cross each other at this location. A stationmaster and porter were provided in 1908. The station building was upgraded with a new brick building in the 1950s. Given the large output of grain from the area, concrete grain silos were built next to the station yard in 1962, allowing bulk handing of grain for goods trains without the need for bagging. Ownership of the station and the railway line was transferred to Australian National in 1978.
=== Closure and present day ===
The last service to use the station was the Bluebird railcar service to Mount Gambier, known as the Blue Lake. When AN ceased all intrastate passenger services in South Australia including the Blue Lake, the station closed on December 31, 1990. The passenger building and platform were demolished in 2007, but the goods shed remains in disuse. The grain silos are currently owned by Canadian grain handler Viterra, and are still served by rail, usually by Aurizon trains. In 2010, the passing loop was extended to 1871m, allowing 1800m long trains to cross at Keith.
== References ==
== External links ==
Johnny's Pages gallery


Calliostoma angolense is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.
== Description ==
== Distribution ==
This species occurs in the Atlantic Ocean off Angola.
== References ==
Bouchet, P.; Fontaine, B. (2009). List of new marine species described between 2002-2006. Census of Marine Life


Laura Robson may refer to:
Laura Robson, a British tennis player
Laura Robson (historian), an American historian


The 2013 raid on Qalandia was an arrest raid by Israeli security forces in the refugee camp of Qalandia, between Ramallah and Jerusalem, that provoked a clash with camp residents protesting the attempted arrest. The fighting left three Palestinian civilians dead and 19 others wounded. Three Israeli security personnel were also injured. According to the Los Angeles Times, the raid was "one most violent clashes in years between Israelis and Palestinians in the West Bank."
== Raid ==
Israeli security forces entered Qalandia on 26 August at 4:30 am to arrest Youssef Khatib. Khatib is a member of Fatah and was recently released from Israeli prison. The Israeli Army described him as a "terror operative". Khatib's brother Hatim claimed that security forces dressed in civilian clothes entered Khatib's house, and that Hatim, and the crowd outside with him, subsequently heard the security personnel fire shots inside Khatib's home. Afterward, people in the crowd began hurling stones at the security forces. The crowd of angry residents swelled to 1,500 and attacked the Israeli forces entering the camp. Israeli troops, sent as reinforcements, shot at the crowds, resulting in the deaths of Rubeen Abed Fares, Yunis Jahjouh and Jihad Aslan, and the wounding of 19 other residents. Fares had reportedly been on his way to work at the local UNRWA office when he was shot. Three Israeli security personnel were also injured by stones. The Israeli Army stated that "an imminent threat" was posed to the lives of their personnel who had "no other alternative but to resort to live fire in self-defence". 
== Aftermath ==
The slain Palestinians' funeral was held on the same day of their deaths and the procession in Qalandia was attended by thousands of locals. After the funeral, local youth clashes with Israeli soldiers manning the Qalandia checkpoint. Palestinian official Hanan Ashrawi accused Israel of using "excessive and indiscriminate violence and live ammunition in densely populated civilian areas", describing it as "a blatant violation of international and humanitarian law." The Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO) reportedly cancelled a planned meeting with Israeli officials in Jericho, as part of the ongoing peace negotiations, in protest of the raid. 
The Fatah party offices in Jerusalem and Ramallah declared three days of mourning. Palestinian youth in Hebron, angered by the deaths in Qalandia, began clashing with Israeli Army forces in the Old City, resulting in the injury of two youth and the detention of a third.
== References ==


Sargiv is a village in the Ardabil Province of Iran.
== References ==
Tageo


Robert Percy Hooper (September 11, 1917 – September 2, 2001) was a Canadian freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin.
In 1936 he was a member of the Canadian team which finished seventh in the 4x200-metre freestyle relay.  In the 400-metre freestyle, as well as in the 1500-metre freestyle, he was eliminated in the first round. At the 1934 Empire Games he was a member of the Canadian team which won the gold medal in the 4×200-yard freestyle event.  Four years later at the Empire Games in Sydney he won the silver medal with the Canadian team in the 4×220-yard freestyle competition.
== See also ==
List of Commonwealth Games medallists in swimming (men)
== External links ==
Robert Hooper at Olympedia
Robert Hooper's profile at Sports Reference.com


Osmanov is a surname, and its female form is Osmanova. Notable people with the surname include:
Alyona Osmanova (born 1988), Ukrainian plus-size model
Bekir Osmanov (1911-1983), Crimean Tatar civil rights activist, agronomist, and partisan
Kifayat Osmanova (born 1987), Azerbaijani former footballer
Murad Osmanov (born 1985), better known as Murad Osmann, Russian photographer
Nazim Osmanov (1939-1985), Crimean Tatar politician
Redvan Osmanov (born 1993), Russian football player
Shaban Osmanov (born 1991), Bulgarian footballer
Sihamir Osmanov (born 1975), Macedonian retired amateur freestyle wrestler
Yuri Osmanov (1941-1993), Crimean Tatar scientist, engineer, and civil rights activist


Established in 1950, the East Africa rugby union team is a multi-national rugby union team drawing players from Kenya, Uganda and Tanzania, though the vast majority of these came from Kenya which has traditionally been the strongest rugby playing nation in the region. The team has played against incoming international, representative and club touring sides and it conducted seven tours between 1954 and 1982.
Though East Africa do play under the Tuskers nickname, it is used exclusively when they are on tour; for all matches played at home they are referred to as East Africa.  This tradition has come into being because the team had existed for five years by the time of the first external tour in 1954 when the touring side adopted the Tuskers moniker, as have all subsequent tours.
For 30 years the team lay dormant, though the Rugby Football Union of East Africa (RFUEA) continued to exist as the governing body of rugby within the three countries, until (on 9 July 2011 at an event at the RFUEA Ground) the team was re-launched by Mwangi Muthee (Chairman of the Kenya Rugby Football Union), William Blick (President of the Uganda Rugby Union), George Kariuki (Rugby Football Union of East Africa) and John Lloyd (Rugby Patrons Society).  The team played its first fixture in almost exactly 30 years against England Counties XV at the RFUEA grounds in early June 2012.
== Early history ==
The first union in British East Africa was the Rugby Football Union of Kenya (RFU-K), founded in August 1921; it was responsible for the administration of the game throughout Kenya, Uganda and Tanganyika which it carried out through various district sub-unions throughout the region.  Several universities and Royal Navy ships sent teams to tour East Africa during this period.  The Combined South African Universities toured in 1929 and in 1935 Danie Craven captained Stellenbosch University on a tour of the region; though none of these encounters included a match against a representative East Africa team.
The first representative team called East Africa are recorded facing the Cape Town University team that toured the region in late 1949 early 1950. Three matches were played in January 1950, East Africa losing each encounter.  At this time, the East Africa team represented the colonies of British East Africa (Kenya Colony, Tanganyika and Uganda Protectorate) and the players were predominantly white settlers. (it was not until the 1960s that rugby's popularity spread and indigenous players started to take up the game; with time the East African team has seen a commensurate increase in the numbers of black players being selected).
In 1953 the Rugby Football Union of East Africa (RFUEA) was created in order to take over the mantle as the umbrella organisation for rugby in the region.  The creation of the RFUEA allowed for the formation of the Tanganyika Rugby Football Union (TRFU) in 1954 and Uganda Rugby Football Union (URFU) in 1955. Each of these were essentially a sub-union of the RFUEA much as the district unions in Kenya were, so the RFU-K was dissolved in 1956 allowing the already existing district unions to deal directly with the RFUEA.
The formation of the RFUEA was just in time for the East Africa representative side's first tour, the First Tuskers Tour of the Copperbelt in 1954.  It also gave the team slightly more official status though little, if anything, had changed with regard to the management of the team.  Tuskers tours to the Copperbelt became somewhat of a tradition, six of the eight Tuskers tours have been to this rugby stronghold in southern Africa; a region that can provide an appropriate level of opposition and at a distance that does not strain the purse-strings of the players and unions alike.  The only Tuskers tours not to the Copperbelt were toEngland (1966) and Ireland (1972).
A year after the first tour, East Africa faced the British Lions in the first game played at the recently constructed headquarters of East African rugby, the RFUEA Ground and during the next six years welcomed other touring sides from the United Kingdom and South Africa including the Barbarians and South Africa and several prestigious university and military teams.
The Second Tuskers Tour took place in 1962 and again East Africa's first game at home after returning from a tour was against the British Lions.  Between 1963 and 1966 several clubs and universities toured East Africa and played against the full representative side including, in 1964, Wales.  Tours from South Africa were no longer welcomed as Kenya, Tanzania and Uganda were participating in the boycott protesting the apartheid regime in that country.
In the six years between the Third (1966) and Fourth (1972) Tuskers tours fifteen high-profile clubs from the United Kingdom and the Irish Republic toured the region and played matches against East Africa, including Richmond FC, Blackheath FC, Harlequins FC and Blackrock College RFC, several touring twice in those years so enamoured were they by the region and their welcome.  The fixtures played by East Africa at this time demonstrate clearly that outgoing tours create contacts and the desire amongst foreign clubs to come to East Africa and the converse also, incoming tours then generate invitations to conduct external visits.
After the fifth Tuskers tour there was only one more British club to visit East Africa because the Rugby Football Union refused to participate in the anti-apartheid boycott of South Africa, as a result clubs administered by the RFU were no longer welcome.  It is during this period that East Africa saw an increase in touring sides from France (including ACBB, Club Sportif Municipal (CSM) Clamart and ASCO ONERA), Italy (Including Rugby Roma Olimpic), Argentina (Old Georgians and various islands in the Indian Ocean (Réunion and Mauritius).
== Major Internationals ==
When the British Lions went to South Africa for their 1955 and 1962 tours, they played East Africa in Nairobi on the return legs of their journeys. The Lions won both of these games, 39-12 and 50–0 respectively. The 1955 game was East Africa's first international and also saw the official opening of the team's home stadium, the RFUEA Ground, then called the Ngong Road Ground.
In 1958, East Africa hosted the Barbarians on their first tour of Africa. The Barbarians, managed by Brigadier Glyn Hughes and captained by Scotland's Jim Greenwood, took in six matches, the first five all played in South Africa, but the final match of the tour was against East Africa.  The game was played on 28 May, with the Barbarians winning 58–12, Tony O'Reilly scoring seven tries.
East Africa would also play against South Africa in 1961 (losing 39–0), and Wales on their 1964 tour of Africa. Wales' game, held at the RFUEA Ground, Nairobi, on 12 May 1964, was the first time that they had played a match outside of Europe and therefore also their first in the Southern Hemisphere, albeit a mere hundred miles from the Equator. Wales won the match, 26–8.
Prior to the introduction of standard numbering systems, many teams would wear numbers (or in the case of Bristol RFC and Leicester FC, letters) in a different order to that known today.  The first set of East African jerseys was numbered from fullback (1) to scrum-half (7) followed by looshead prop (8) to Number-8 (15).  It must also be remembered that prior to the innovation, by Sherborne School,[a] in the 1960s of using the hooker to throw the ball into the line-out, this was the job of the winger.  Thus there are photos of East African matches with the unusual combination of a winger, numbered 2 or 5, throwing in to a line of eight forwards, numbered 8 to 15.
=== British Lions 1955 ===
Five and a half years after their first match against the University of Cape Town, East Africa played their first international match against the British Lions, as they returned home from their 1955 tour of South Africa.
The Rugby Football Union of East Africa (RFUEA) took the opportunity of the 1955 match to invite the Lions manager (J.A.E. Siggins) to officially open their newly built national stadium, the RFUEA Ground (then called the Ngong Road Ground) prior to kick-off.  The capacity crowd of 6000 was treated to a magnificent display of running handling rugby that had characterised the tourists' games in South Africa.
According to the match programme, East Africa fielded seven players who were winning their first cap, Brodziak, Chambers, Darroch, MacLean, Meintjes, Tippett and Wheeler.  In addition East Africa selected two reserves and the Lions one; although substitutions were not allowed it was usual to select reserves at this time in case a player did not arrive on time or was unable to start the match.  The match programme also states that Frank Sykes (Northampton & England), Robin Roe (Lansdowne & Ireland) and Tom Reid (Garryowen & Ireland) had been selected to play this match, but the Lions' archives suggest that ultimately they did not.  It appears that the reserve Bryn Meredith and Billy Williams (who had been assigned as the Lions touch-judge) were called upon to start in place of Roe and R.H. Williams while D.G.S. Baker was required to fill in for Sykes.  East Africa took the field as advertised in the programme.
One of the contemporary match reports was written by Tony Coxall, a 13-year-old pupil from Arusha School in Tanzania who attended the match as part of a school trip in which twenty boys undertook the five-and-a-half-hour, 170 miles (270 km) journey to Nairobi in a 1.5 ton lorry.  In this report it is stated that the Lions scored two tries before East Africa answered with a penalty and that at half time the score was 6-19.  It also states that the seats cost 1 shilling each and that the crowd were entertained by the band of the Royal Irish Fusiliers at half-time.
As was usual for touring teams visiting East Africa during the 1950s, 1960s and 1970s, the Lions were given private hospitality as opposed to staying in hotels. Cliff Morgan, Haydn Morris and Gareth Griffiths (all players with Cardiff RFC) stayed with Mr. and Mrs. Arthur "Pat" Bryant, who had played for Cardiff prior to World War I, and who was an official of the East African Rugby Union.  He had refereed for the RFUEA (in his blue and black Cardiff jersey) until his retirement at about 63 years of age.  The tourists also encountered another former Cardiff player from the 1940s, Captain Howell Loveluck who was in Kenya as chaplain to the British Forces stationed there at the time of the Mau Mau Uprising.
There is a frequently repeated urban legend  that Idi Amin (later to become the infamous military dictator of Uganda) was selected as a replacement by East Africa for their match against the 1955 British Lions.  The story is entirely unfounded, he does not appear on the team list or in the team photograph and replacements were first introduced into international rugby 13 years after this event is supposed to have taken place. Mike Gibson of Ireland is generally recognised as being the first ever replacement in a rugby union match (he came on for the injured Barry John during the first test in Pretoria on the 1968 British Lions tour to South Africa).  The first replacement for East Africa was Douglas "Dougie" Hamilton who came on in the 1968 match versus Queen's University (Belfast) R.F.C.
=== Barbarian F.C. 1958 ===
The Barbarians, managed by Brigadier HL Glyn-Hughes and H Waddell, had just completed a successful tour of South Africa and stopped off in Nairobi on their way home.  Members of this team who had previously visited Nairobi with the 1955 Lions were RH Williams, AJF O'Reilly, REG Jeeps, HF McLeod, JT Greenwood, CI Morgan, AR Smith and AC Pedlow.  RH Davies had previously toured with the 1957 Combined (Oxford and Cambridge) Universities side.
The match was played before a capacity crowd in the late afternoon to early evening on a Wednesday; the papers reported that the colony's Legislative Council (Legco.) had adjourned early that day before cryptically referring to the Barbarian game later in the same paragraph by way of an oblique explanation. The visitors playing champagne rugby in the highest traditions of their club.  Tony O'Reilly scored seven tries, no doubt making up for the fact that he had been injured and unable to play when he had come to Nairobi with the Lions three years earlier.  East Africa's first try was scored by RN Angus of Kenya Harlequins, the first scored by East Africa on their Ngong Road ground.
=== Springboks 1961 ===
In 1960–61, the Springboks undertook a four-month tour of the United Kingdom and France, winning all their 43 matches except for a 0–0 draw against France and a 6–0 defeat by the Barbarians at Cardiff in what is often inaccurately listed as the final match of that tour.  They left London on Wednesday February 22 by air, landing in Nairobi for a four-day stopover in Kenya on their way back to Johannesburg and, on Saturday 25 February 1961, they played East Africa.  This was the only meeting between these teams, quite possibly the first match between South Africa and another African "nation", but unequivocally the true last match of the tour.
The final score was 39–0, the half-time score having been 15–0 with South Africa piling on a further 21 points within a quarter of an hour of the beginning of the second half, though the flood gates were closed for the rest of the match with the Springboks then only scoring once more.  Johannes "Hannes" Botha (a flanker) and Gideon "Giepie" Wentzel (a full-back) played out of position.
=== British Lions 1962 ===
Almost exactly seven years after hosting the 1955 Lions, East Africa faced the Lions again on the same ground, this time as they were returning from their 1962 tour to South Africa.  At half time the score was 0 – 29
=== Wales 1964 ===
In 1964 the Welsh national team undertook their first overseas tour, a five-match tour of Africa. They left London on Sunday May 10 flying to Nairobi, arriving on Monday morning. They played their first ever match outside Europe (and thus their first match in the Southern Hemisphere) against East Africa on Tuesday May 12, winning 26–8, before flying to Cape Town on Wednesday.
Welsh captain Clive Rowlands dictated the patterns of play and orchestrated many of the fine Welsh moves. The Welsh tries were great efforts, especially Dewi Bebb's who snatched a chance from a lineout three yards from the line and dived over before the opposition could lay a finger on him. The East African team fought valiantly and often caused the visitors defence problems with strong surging runs; their star player was Eric Weaver a Welshman serving in Nairobi with the RAF, he had previously played professional football with Swindon town. The Welsh fly-half in this match (Marsden Young) had not been – and was not subsequently – capped by Wales.  As this match was not regarded as a full test by the Welsh Union so this player does not appear on the List of Wales national rugby union players.
The remaining four matches of the tour were in South Africa, who were celebrating the 75th anniversary of the South African Rugby Board.  The first of these was played on May 19 against Boland at Wellington which they won 17–6. The test-match against South Africa, played at King's Park, Durban on May 23, was lost 3–24. The final two games were played on May 27 and May 30 against Northern Transvaal at Pretoria (lost 9–22) and the Orange Free State at Bloemfontein (won 14–6).
It was the lack of success experienced by the team on this tour that is credited with sparking the Welsh Rugby Union into action, appointing their first national coach and reaping the rewards with their fabled teams of the 1970s.
== Tuskers tours ==
The Tuskers is the nickname of the East Africa rugby union team but it is used exclusively when they are on tour.  In all matches played at home they are referred to as East Africa.  By the time of the first Tuskers tour in 1954, East Africa had played three matches, all against the touring University of Cape Town team from South Africa, and the RFUEA badge had been adopted. When their first tour was being organised a few uncharitable nicknames were suggested for the team and thus the Tuskers moniker was quickly adopted and an appropriate emblem designed.
=== First Tuskers Copperbelt Tour 1954 ===
The idea of an East African rugby touring team was first broached while the Kenya athletics team was visiting the Northern Rhodesia (now Zambia) in 1953.  The manager of that team was Archie Evans, a member of the Nondescripts RFC in Nairobi and he was able to communicate this proposal to the fledgling Rugby Football Union of East Africa (RFUEA). The tour took several months to organise, the process being hindered by the postal delays between the RFUEA, the Northern Rhodesian Rugby Union and its subsidiary, the Northern Rhodesian Congo Border Rugby Union.  It was eventually decided that the latter of these would host the tour and permissions were sought from the respective governing bodies (the South African Rugby Board for Rhodesia and the Rugby Football Union in London for East Africa).
The delays during the planning meant that there was no time to stage trials. Instead the recently played first ever match between Kenya and Tanganyika was used to select the majority of the players that were to go on the tour. Arrangements were finalised just two weeks before departure; unfortunately one of the best players East Africa ever produced, A.I. McLean, was unable to take part as the hastily arranged tour coincided with his wedding.  Most of the organisational work had been carried out by C.F. Schermbrucker (acting President of the RFUEA), Owen Wheeler (Hon Secretary RFUEA) and Mr. R.E. Luyt who had previously lived and played rugby in the Copperbelt.
The team, managed by A.K. Fyfe and Andrew G. Clark,  left by air from Nairobi West on 17 August 1954.
Played 8 matches, won 7 and lost 1 (to the Copperbelt XV).
=== Second Tuskers Copperbelt Tour 1962 ===
In 1962 the Tuskers, captained By Chris Young, toured the Copperbelt region of Northern Rhodesia (now Zambia) for the second time.  They played seven matches winning two; those played against Ndola and Mufulira.
=== Third Tuskers England tour 1966 ===
September 1966, Toured England. Captain was Brian Granville-Ross, Manager was Balf Laing, Assistant Manager was Peter Griffiths.
Played against Richmond F.C., Blackheath F.C., Anti-Assassins, Wilmslow RUFC, Vale of Lune RUFC, Harlequin F.C. and Fylde.  All matches were lost.
=== Fourth Tuskers Ireland Tour 1972 ===
This tour took place in September 1972. The team played eight matches winning three.
=== Fifth Tuskers Zambia Tour 1975 ===
==== Zambia v East Africa 1975 ====
=== Sixth Tuskers Zambia Tour 1979 ===
At the culmination of the 1978 tour to Zambia by Kenya an invitation was issued to the Tuskers to tour Zambia in 1979 to celebrate the 25th anniversary of the First Tuskers Tour.  The second ever match between East Africa and Zambia took place on this tour with East Africa winning 21–13, thus evening up the record.  Jackson Omaido (Mean Machine) was tour Captain.
=== Seventh Tuskers Zambia and Zimbabwe Tour 1982 ===
The entire squad consisted of Kenyan players with the exception of David Nsubuga of Uganda. Rob Bertram, then chairman of Nondescripts RFC, was the tour manager and Jackson Omaido (Harlequins) was the Captain. Rodney Evans (Nondescripts) was player-coach and took over the captain's role with Omaido injured ahead of the test against Zimbabwe.
== List of Matches ==
All matches played at RFUEA Ground (Nairobi, Kenya) except for those on a Tuskers tour (indicated by a grey background).
== Notable personalities ==
The first black player to represent East Africa was J.K. "Ted" Kabetu (Mombasa Sports Club), who played on the wing against Richmond F.C. in 1972: he was also the first black rugby player at Mombasa Sports Club and, in 1974, the first black player to captain a rugby club in East Africa.  Another Nairobi School former pupil, Chris Onsotti (then of Impala R.F.C., later of Mwamba R.F.C.) was the first black player to represent East Africa as a forward, playing prop on the Fourth Tuskers tour of Ireland 1972.
There is a frequently repeated urban myth that Idi Amin was selected as a replacement by the team for their 1955 match against the British Lions, while still a sergeant in the King's African Rifles. While Amin did play club rugby at the time, he does not appear in the team photograph or on the official team list.
== Playing record ==
=== Test Matches ===
=== Non-test Matches ===
== Participating Unions ==
The members of this team are drawn from players who qualify to be selected for:
Kenya national rugby union team
Tanzania national rugby union team
Uganda national rugby union team
== See also ==
East Africa cricket team
== Notes ==
== References ==
Billot, John (1974). Springboks in Wales. Ferndale: Ron Jones Publications.
Cotton, Fran (Ed.) (1984) The Book of Rugby Disasters & Bizarre Records. Compiled by Chris Rhys. London. Century Publishing. ISBN 0-7126-0911-3
Godwin, Terry; Rhys, Chris (1981). The Guinness Book of Rugby Facts & Feats. Enfield: Guinness Superlatives Ltd. ISBN 0-85112-214-0.
Smith, David; Williams, Gareth (1980). Fields of Praise: The Official History of The Welsh Rugby Union. Cardiff: University of Wales Press. ISBN 0-7083-0766-3.
Starmer-Smith, Nigel (1977). The Barbarians. Macdonald & Jane's Publishers. ISBN 0-86007-552-4.
Thomas, Clem (2001). The History of The British and Irish Lions. updated by Greg Thomas. Mainstream Books. pp. 100–117. ISBN 1-84018-498-1.
Campbell, M; Cohen, E.J. (1960). Rugby Football in East Africa 1909-1959. Rugby Football Union of East Africa.
Programme of Fifth Tuskers tour of Zambia. Rugby Football Union of East Africa. 1975.
== Sources ==
East Africa vs Combined Services 5 May 1962


Ronnie Antonio Paris (December 9, 2001 – January 28, 2005) was an American three-year-old boy from Tampa, Florida, who was murdered in 2005. Paris was subject to severe physical abuse at the hands of his father, Ronnie Paris Sr., who was convinced he was homosexual despite his young age, and was forced to box repeatedly, eventually entering a coma and dying from brain injuries. His death brought attention to the Florida Department of Children & Families for failing to identify the child abuse and neglect. Controversy arose over Paris being removed from his home and placed in to foster care, only to be returned, and died within six weeks from continued abuse. Ronnie Paris Sr. was convicted of manslaughter and sentenced to 30-years in prison.
== Background ==
In May 2002, the Florida Department of Children and Family Services removed Paris from his home and placed him in protective custody, after he was admitted to the hospital for repeated vomiting, and doctors determined he was undernourished and had a broken arm.
On December 13, 2004, four days after his third birthday, Paris was returned to his parents. This replacement was the subject of investigation by the local press because they felt it represented a breakdown of the child welfare system.  On January 22, Paris slipped into a coma after falling asleep on a couch at a family friend's house, where his parents were attending a Bible study. Upon realizing he was unconscious, his parents rushed into the hospital. Paris died six days later, when he was removed from life support.
Detective Anthony Zambito was suspicious and testified that "it wasn't until investigators questioned them separately" that the boy's mother spoke of abuse. During an investigation of the child's death, his mother—Nysheera Paris—told detectives that her husband—Ronnie Paris, Sr. -- had repeatedly abused the child, slapping him in the back of the head, slamming him into walls, and forcing the child to participate in father-son boxing matches until the boy began to shake, cry, and wet himself.
== Trial ==
The child's father was charged with murder and aggravated child abuse. His mother was charged with child neglect and failing to get medical attention for her son. In July 2005, Ronnie Paris Sr. went on trial for his son's murder facing a maximum of 15 years for the death. During the trial witnesses testified the boy had been slapped around and thrown into walls by his dad to toughen him up. Nysheera Paris testified that her husband thought their son might be gay, and that he would smack the boy in the back of the head and slam him into walls because he didn't want his son to grow up "soft."  Her testimony was corroborated by her sister, Shanita Powell, who said "He was trying to teach him how to fight," and told the court "He was afraid the child might be gay."  Family friend Sheldon Bostick, who attended Bible study with the Paris family, testified that Ronnie Paris, Sr., "slap-boxed" with his son because "He didn't want him to be a sissy" Paris Sr. had reported this was how he had been taught, by his father, to take a punch.
Forensic pathologist Dr. Sam Gulino noted the child's scarred face and bruised head, and told the court that the lethargy and vomiting spells, the coma and eventual death were due to head trauma that was not accidental but deliberately inflicted.
The child's foster mother testified that during the two years he lived with her, Paris never vomited, and had a healthy appetite.
== Aftermath ==
In July 2005, after three hours of deliberation, a jury convicted Ronnie Paris, Sr. of second degree manslaughter and aggravated child abuse in the death of his son. On August 19, 2005, he was sentenced to 30 years imprisonment, and ten years probation. The mother Nysheera Paris was sentenced to 5 years probation for culpable negligence in the death of her son.
The crime is also seen as a hate crime by LGBT supporters, including Tennessee artist James McKissic who premiered a large scale painting of Paris Jr. along with two other "youth of color who were victims of hate crimes" at the Chattanooga African American Museum in 2008. The Gay American Heroes Foundation, memorializing LGBT murder victims of "hate crimes motivated by sexual orientation bias," will include Paris Jr. in their traveling memorial that visits cities where someone has been murdered for being LGBT or thought to be.
== References ==
== External links ==
Ronnie Antonio Paris Memorial Page


Dietrich Graf von Hülsen-Haeseler (13 February 1852 – 14 November 1908) was an infantry general of the German Empire.
He attended the War College and was attached to the German General Staff in 1882. In 1889 he was made aide de camp to Kaiser Wilhelm II, whom he had known since boyhood.
In 1894, von Hülsen-Haeseler was named military attaché at the German embassy in Vienna. In 1897, now a colonel, he returned to Berlin as commander of a guards regiment. In 1899 he was promoted to major general, made chief of general staff in the Guards Corps, and then given command of the 2nd Guards Infantry Brigade.
From May 1901 until his death in November 1908, von Hülsen-Haeseler served as Chief of the German Imperial Military Cabinet, during which time he rose to General of Infantry.
== Death ==
On 14 November 1908, Dietrich Graf von Hülsen-Haeseler died of a heart attack while on a hunting trip in honor of the Kaiser. The hunting party was staying at Donaueschingen Castle in Donaueschingen, Baden; the Black Forest country estate of Prince Max von Furstenberg. During a formal evening function, von Hülsen-Haeseler appeared dressed in the pink tutu and rose wreath of a ballerina, dancing for the Kaiser and his assembled guests. The performance included pirouettes, jumps, capers and flirtatious kisses to the audience. Apparently exhausted by his exertions, the general bowed, collapsed and was pronounced dead after hasty medical attention. The circumstances were covered up by the officer corps so as not to further inflame public pressure over the homosexually themed Harden–Eulenburg affair. Ironically, it was von Hülsen-Haeseler who had organized the cover-up of that scandal.
== Honours and awards ==
German honours
Foreign honours
== References ==
== External links ==
Justitias zweischneidiges Schwert - Magnus Hirschfeld als Gutachter in der Eulenburg-Affäre (in German)


The Entrepreneurship and Technology Innovation Center, otherwise known as ETIC, is an 8,000 square feet industry-funded research center created to promote research development, innovation and entrepreneurship at the New York Institute of Technology. 
== History ==
The center was constructed with both state and federal funding. It opened in 2015.
In 2021, NASA contracted with the Entrepreneurship and Technology Innovation Center (ETIC) to have ETIC student employees develop and fabricate novel technology prototypes using the NASA patents. Student employees also create marketing materials for NASA commercialization efforts. An interdisciplinary team of NYIT students is working to create prototypes for NASA technologies, including a robotic therapy vest for patients with neurological impairments and a high-tech device, known as a C-gauge, to measure cord tension in parachutes, sails, and weather balloons.
== Features and facilities ==
The ETIC comprises 8,000 square feet including academic working and laboratory space, conference and training rooms, collaborative fabrication and maker space, a smart 100-seat auditorium and a dedicated Data Center.
Various testing and research labs available to ETIC researchers throughout New York Tech include:
Cybersecurity Lab
Energy and Green Technologies Lab
Renewable Energy Telemetry Lab
Bio-engineering and Medical Devices Lab
Fabrication and Rapid Prototyping Lab
Nanofabrication Facility
OSHA Hazardous Waste Operations Facility
Materials Lab
Aerodynamics Lab
Instrumentation and Measurement Lab
Thermo-Fluid Lab
Mechanical CAD/CAM Lab
Geographical Information Systems Lab
Microprocessor-Based Systems Development Lab
Class 10,000 Clean Room
Motion Capture Lab
== See also ==
NASA spin-off technologies
== References ==


Ludwig Burgemeister (19 October 1863 – 13 February 1932) was a German architect and monument preservationist.
== Life ==
Born in St. Johann (Saar), Burgemeister was a son of the master mason and architect Christian Burgemeister and his wife Lina Burgemeister née Gottlieb. He attended the royal grammar school Saarbrücken, where he passed his school-leaving examination in 1883. He then studied architecture at the Technische Hochschule in Charlotttenburg (now Technische Universität Berlin) for nine semesters and passed the First State Examination in February 1888. On 5 March 1888, he was sworn in as a Regierungsbauführer (Referendar) in Saarbrücken, but before taking up his duties, he first did his military service as a one-year volunteer, which he did from April 1888 with the 8th Rhenish Infantry Regiment No. 70 in Saarbrücken. Afterwards, he was active in the state training service in the government district of Trier. Above all, he was involved in the construction of the new grammar school in Saarbrücken. He passed the Second State Examination on 28 February 1893. He obtained a position as Regierungsbaumeister (assessor) in the technical office of the structural engineering department of the Prussian Ministry of Public Works in Berlin. His work there was interrupted by a study trip to Italy, which he was able to finance through a state premium he had received on the occasion of his second state examination.
At the beginning of 1895 he was transferred to Breslau, where he married Wally Busse on 16 November 1895, with whom he had their daughter Elsa. Burgemeister received his doctorate in art history on 12 September 1901 with the thesis 'Die Jesuitenkunst in Breslau, insbesondere die Matthiaskirche und das Universitätsgebäude Breslau. In 1902 he was appointed Royal Inspector of Agriculture. After the first Silesian provincial conservator Hans Lutsch had been appointed to Berlin, Burgemeister became his successor in 1905. In 1909, he was promoted to Royal Building Councillor and in 1912 to Royal "Königlichen Regierungs- und Baurat befördert."
From 1909 to 1 October 1915, he was in charge of the royal "Hochbauamt Landkreis Strehlen", and during the First World War also of the "Hochbauamt Breslau I". On 1 April 1917, he left the civil service and became a provincial building officer in the building construction department of the provincial administration of the Province of Silesia. At the same time, he remained provincial conservator. He received several decorations and was appointed an external member of the Prussian Academy of Building in Berlin on 5 May 1922. Furthermore, Burgemeister was chairman of the expert advisory board of the municipal building police, board member of the Verein für Geschichte und Alterthum SchlesiensMember of the Board of Trustees of the Wroclaw Museum of Fine Arts, Member of the Board of the Historical Commission for Silesia and Second Chairman of the Silesian Association for Homeland Protection.
He retired on 1 April 1929; however, he remained provincial curator until his death. His successor was the art historian Günther Grundmann. According to the obituary of his successor, Burgemeister's professional life had three significant contents: his buildings, his publications and his monument preservation activities.
=== Buildings ===
Burgemeister exclusively created official buildings; in the years 1895 to 1903 these were mainly university extensions, which had mostly already been planned by others, for example by Georg Thür, or had to be oriented towards already existing building parts. From 1904 to 1911, the Technische Hochschule Breslau was built in the Neo-Renaissance style according to Burgemeister's plans. It is considered one of his main works.
Burgemeister then had to prepare a design for the new building of the university's agricultural institute in Breslau's Hansastrasse. From 1913 to 1916, its wing buildings were erected; the central building followed later and no longer corresponded to Burgemeister's original plans. Burgemeister was also involved in the planning of the Oberpräsidialdienst building on Neumarkt; however, the design was largely the work of Baurat Loewe.
Burgemeister was responsible for the conversion and extension of the Płakowice sanatorium and nursing home as well as for the construction of new nursing homes for the provincial institutions in Lubiąż, Bolesławiec, Plagwitz and Lubin. He designed a gymnasium for the Provincial Welfare Institution Wołów, the new building of the so-called "home for cripples" with a workshop building and the director's residence in Rothenburg, and a former old people's home for Namysłów (today a primary school with bilingual departments). The children's convalescent home in Jannowitz, which was built from 1928 to 1931, also goes back to Burgemeister's plans, but was realised in a more economical form than originally intended.
=== Monument conservation ===
From 1905 to 1932, Burgemeister was provincial conservator of the province of Silesia, which was the first province in Prussia to undertake efforts to preserve historical monuments. A provincial commission for the preservation and research of the existing art monuments was founded there and the Register of Art Monuments of Silesia was published between 1886 and 1894. The register volume, which Burgemeister had worked on while still under Hans Lutsch's authority, did not appear until 1903, as did the Bilderwerk der schlesischen Kunstdenkmäler, in which Burgemeister was also involved. From 1905 onwards, he was responsible for the further development of Silesian monument preservation.
During the First World War, he also had the special task of advising on the confiscation of bells that were to be melted down for armament purposes. In this capacity, he was able to save several artistically valuable bells.
Furthermore, Burgemeister had to initiate the new edition of the inventory of the art monuments of Silesia, as Lutsch's first inventory had to be considered outdated and incomplete during his term of office. This work was far from complete when Burgemeister died at the age of 68.
Burgemeister was also responsible for the Provincial Conservator's picture archive with over 10,000 photos.
=== Publications ===
Burgemeister concentrated his scientific work on researching the art monuments in Silesia. In addition to architectural history, he was particularly interested in Silesian organs and log churches. He published several books in addition to his dissertation:
Die Holzkirchen und Holztürme der preußischen Ostprovinzen, Schlesien, Posen, Ostpreußen, Westpreußen, Brandenburg und Pommern. Aufgenommen und gezeichnet von Ernst Wiggert und Ludwig Burgemeister. Berlin 1905.
Das Breslauer Rathaus. Geschichtliche und bauliche Beschreibung. (with photographs by Heinrich Götz) Breslau 1913.
Die gesetzlichen und behördlichen Vorschriften über Denkmalpflege. (published by the Provincial Commission for the Preservation and Research of Art Monuments) Breslau 1913.
Das Bürgerhaus in Schlesien. Berlin 1921.
Der Orgelbau in Schlesien. Straßburg 1925. (Studien zur deutschen Kunstgeschichte, H. 230.)
Burgemeister also wrote numerous essays, including:
Die Matthiaskirche in Breslau. In Zentralblatt der Bauverwaltung, 19. Jahrgang 1899, pp. 563–566 (Numerized)
Die ehemalige kaiserliche Burg in Breslau. In Zeitschrift des Vereins für Geschichte Schlesiens, Jahrgang 1902, p. 36.
Schlesische Rathäuser. In Bunte Bilder aus dem Schlesierlande. Vol. 2, 1903.
Das ehemalige Jacobkloster auf der Sandinsel zu Breslau. In Zeitschrift des Vereins für Geschichte Schlesiens, Jahrgang 1903, p. 37.
Das Haus zur goldenen Krone. In Schlesiens Vorzeit, Neue Folge, vol. 3, 1904.
Die Hedwigskirche und das Schloß in Brieg. In Schlesien 2, 1908/9, pp. 249–256
Vom Brieger Piastenschloß. In Schlesische Heimatblätter 4, 1910/11
Das Universitätsgebäude und die Matthiaskirche. In Erinnerungsblätter zum 100jährigen Jubiläum der Universität Breslau. Breslau 1911.
Schlesische Holzkirchen. In: Schlesien 5, 1911/12, No. 15, pp. 409–411 (Numerized)
Die Hochbergsche Kapelle bei der Vinzenzkirche. In Schlesiens  Vorzeit, Neue Folge, vol. 6, 1912.
Schlesische Kunst. In Schlesische Landeskunde, 2nd vol., 1913.
Städte und Burgen. In Schlesien in Farbenphotographie, vol. 2, 1924.
Die katholische Pfarrkirche in Rothsürben. In Schlesische Monatshefte 1, 1924, pp. 145–151.
Die Orgeln der ev. Pfarrkirche zu St. Maria-Magdalena in Breslau. In Schlesiens Vorzeit, Neue Folge, vol. 8, 1924.
Das altertümliche Breslau. In Grenzgau 2, 1925, H. 11, pp. 27–33
Breslaus Wohnungswesen in alter Zeit. In Die Wohnungswirtschaft der Stadt Breslau. Denkschrift des Magistrats Breslau. Breslau 1927.
Baugeschichte des Schlosses Falkenberg. In Geschichte der Herrschaft Falkenberg in Oberschlesien. Falkenberg 1929.
Johann Christian Valentin Schultze (Schulz). In Bericht des Provinzialkonservators der Kunstdenkmäler der Provinz Niederschlesien, Neue Folge, vol. 2, 1927/29.
Burgemeister also published many articles in daily newspapers, especially in the Schlesische Zeitung.
== References ==
== Further reading ==
Bericht des Provinzial-Konservators der Kunstdenkmäler der Provinz Niederschlesien über die Tätigkeit vom 1. Januar 1930 bis 31. Dezember 1931. Breslau 1932 (with biography and list of publications, Numerized)
== External links ==
Literature by and about Ludwig Burgemeister in the German National Library catalogue


The rugby sevens at the 2006 Commonwealth Games was the third Commonwealth Games at which rugby sevens was played. It is one of the male-only sports at the Commonwealth Games, the other being boxing. The venue for the rugby competition was the Telstra Dome, on the western edge of Melbourne's Central Business District. Preliminary matches were held on 16 March, with the finals the following day.
Sixteen teams competed in the rugby sevens tournament as they were separated into four groups of four. The top two teams of each group qualified through to the cup finals while the bottom two would compete in the bowl. After finishing on top of Pool A, New Zealand won the gold medal match as they defeated England 29–21 in the final on 17 March 2006. Fiji claimed the bronze medal defeating Australia 24–17 in the 3rd place final. In the minor finals, Wales took out the plate final with Kenya winning the bowl.
== Qualified teams ==
== Pool Stage ==
=== Group A ===
=== Group B ===
=== Group C ===
=== Group D ===
== Knock-out stage ==
=== Cup ===
==== Quarter-finals ====
==== Semi-finals ====
==== Bronze medal match ====
==== Gold medal match ====
=== Plate ===
For teams knocked out of the Cup quarter finals
==== Plate semi-finals ====
==== Plate final – Playoff for 5th and 6th ====
=== Bowl ===
==== Bowl-quarter-finals ====
==== Bowl semi-finals ====
==== Bowl final – Playoff for 9th and 10th ====
== Medalists ==
== References ==
== See also ==
Commonwealth Rugby Sevens Championships
Rugby sevens


Annelien De Dijn (born 1977) is a Belgian historian of political thought. She is Professor of Modern Political History at Utrecht University.
== Life ==
After gaining her PhD from the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven (KU Leuven) in 2005, Annelien De Dijn  worked as a postdoctoral fellow at Columbia University, University of California, Berkeley and the Notre Dame Institute for Advanced Study. From 2011 to 2017 she was assistant professor at the University of Amsterdam. In January 2018 she became Professor of Modern Political History at Utrecht University.
Her book Freedom: An Unruly History won the 2021 PROSE Award for Philosophy from the Association of American Publishers.
== Works ==
(ed. with Raf Geenens) Reading Tocqueville: from oracle to actor. Basingstoke; New York: Palgrave Macmillan, 2007.
French political thought from Montesquieu to Tocqueville: liberty in a levelled society? Cambridge; New York: Cambridge University Press, 2008.
Freedom: An Unruly History. Harvard University Press, 2020. ISBN 9780674988330
== References ==


Shadow Run is a 1998 crime film set in the south of England, United Kingdom. It is based on the novel by Desmond Lowden. It was not released in the cinema, and eventually appeared on home video in 2001.
== Premise ==
Haskell (Michael Caine) is a hardened gangster assigned to a job by his boss, Landon-Higgins (James Fox), to steal sheets of watermarked paper to print fake money.
== Cast ==
Michael Caine as Haskell
James Fox as Landon-Higgins
Matthew Pochin as Joffrey
Rae Baker as Julie
Kenneth Colley as Larcombe
Christopher Cazenove as Melchior
Rupert Frazer as Maunder
Leslie Grantham as Liney
Tim Healy as Daltrey
Emma Reeve as Victoria
Katherine Reeve as Zee
Angela Douglas as Bridget
Maurice Thorogood as Walter
Richard Tuck as Morton
John Bray as Hallam
Khan Bonfils as Baz
== External links ==
Shadow Run at IMDb


The list is a list of television channels and stations in the Arab World, as well as Arab-based Western television channels. The majority, if not all, of these channels, are chiefly in Arabic.
== Africa ==
=== Algeria ===
==== Current channels ====
Public Establishment of Television (EPTV)
TV1
TV2 (Canal Algérie)
TV3
TV4
TV5
TV6
TV7
TV8
TV9
Echorouk Group
Echorouk TV
Echorouk 2
Echorouk News
Echorouk Plus
B4U Network (Algeria)
B4U Eldjazairia
B4U Eldjazairia 2
AL24 News
Al Anis
Algerian 4Kids
Amou Yazid Tofola
Bahia TV
Beur TV
El Adjwaa TV
El Bilad TV
El Fadjer TV
El Hayat TV
El Heddaf TV
Ennahar TV
Nedjma TV
Salam TV
Samira TV
Watania TV
Zahra TV
==== Former channels ====
Alasr TV
Al Makam
Atlas TV
DTV Cinéma
El Djazairia One
El Watan DZ
ESS TV
Jil TV
Lina TV
L'Index TV
Wiam TV
=== Chad ===
Télé Tchad
=== Djibouti ===
Radio Television of Djibouti
=== Egypt ===
Rotana Masriya
Rotana Cinema
Rotana Aflam
Rotana Khalaijia
Rotana Drama
Rotana Clip
Rotana Classic
Rotana Mousica
Rotana Kids
Rotana Comedy
Mekameleen TV
Misr El Balad
Misr El Balad 2
Al Masriya
Dream TV
El Mehwar
El Mehwar 2
El Mehwar Drama
CBC
CBC Two
CBC Drama
CBC + 2
CBC Sofra
CBC Extra
Al Hayat 1
Al Hayat 2
Al Hayat Cinema
Al Hayat Series
Al Hayat Sports
Al Hayat Al Ann
Al Hayat We Alnas
Al Nahar TV
Al Nahar + 2 
Al Nahar Noor
Al Nahar Al Youm
MBC Masr
Al Nahar Sports
Al Nahar Drama
Al Nahar Cinema
Al Masria 1
Al Maria 2
ART Aflam 1
ART Aflam 2
ART Hekayat 1
ART Hekayat 2
ART Cinema
ART Hekayat Kaman
ART America
ART Movies
ART Sport
ART Sport 2
ART Sport 3
ART Sport 4
ART Sport 5
ART Sport 6
ART Sport 7
ART Sport 8
ART Sport 9
ART Movie World
ART Prime Sport
ART Variety
ART Cable
ART Music Radio
ART Tarab
ART Latino
ART Variety Australia
ART Cima
Nickelodeon
Nick Jr.
Nicktoons
Nile Drama
Nile Drama 2
Nile Cinema
Nile Comedy
Nile Culture
Nile News
Nile Educational
Nile Family
Nile Life
Nile Sport
Cairo Cinema
Cairo Cinema 2
Cairo Drama
Cairo Comedy
Cairo Film
Cairo Fight
Cairo Zaman
Panorama Film
Panorama Action
Panorama Drama
Panorama Drama 2
Panorama Comedy
Star Cinema 1
Star Cinema 2
Star Cinema 3
Star Aflam
Al Aan TV
El Mehwar Channel
Masr Alhayah
Iqraa EGY
Sama Cinema
Nile TV
Koky Kids
Cima
DMC
DMC Drama
DMC Sports
TEN TV
ON E
ON Sport
ON Sport 2
ON Drama
Al Yawm
Al Safawa
NBN
Ertu 1
Ertu 2
Aghapy TV
MBC
MBC 2
MBC 3
MBC 4
MBC Action
MBC Bollywood
MBC Drama
MBC FM
MBC Masr 2
MBC Max
MBC Plus Drama
Hi TV
Al Mahaba TV
Al Nada TV
Time Cinema
Time Cinema 2
Time Comedy
Time Comedy 2
Time Drama
Time Drama 2
Time Quran
Time Sport
Time Taxi
Time Film
Play Hekayat
Panorama TV
Panorama Drama
Panorama Drama 2
Panorama Film
Panorama Action
Panorama Food
Apple Aflam
Apple Cinema
Apple Comedy
Apple Hekayat
Apple Mosalsalat
Apple Drama
Apple Today
LTC Egypt
Alfa Cinema 1
Alfa Cinema 2
Alfa Series HD
Alfa Series HD +2
Alfa Al Yawm
Alfa Al Safwa
Fann TV
Cinema Pro
Family Drama
Darbaka Aflam
Darbaka Cinema
Darbaka Drama
Darbaka Action
El Tohamy
Moga Comedy TV
Top Movies
BBC Arabic
B4U Aflam
OrPit Plus Drama
OrPit Plus Hekayat
OrPit Plus Al Youm
OrPit Plus Cinema
OrPit Plus Movies
Sada El Balad
Sada El Balad 2
Sada El Balad Drama
Al Ghad Al Araby
Free TV
Mazzika
Mazazikh
Maspero Zaman
Daawah TV
Nogoum FM TV
Tok Tok Cima
Tok Tok Cinema
Tok Tok Aflam
Tok Tok Drama
Tok Tok Mosalslat
Tok Tok Classic
Set El Bet
Abu Dhabi Drama
Abu Dhabi Sport
Abu Dhabi TV
Bein Drama
Bein Movies
OSN Ya Hala
OSN Ya Hala Cinema
OSN Ya Hala Drama
OSN Ya Hala Drama 2
OSN Ya Hala Al Oula
OSN News
OSN Sport
OSN Movies
Ahrar 25
Belody Aflam
Misr Al Aan TV
Nile News
Al Quran Al Karim
Aljazeera
Aljazeera Mubasher
Sat 7 Arabic
Sat 7 Kids
Fox Cinema
Fox Classic
Al Shasha TV
Al Shasha Food
Al Shasha Drama
Al Shasha Cinema
Al Shasha Hekayat
Al Shasha Classic
Al Shasha Comedy
Al Shasha Mosalslata
Al Shasha Film
El Sharq
El Sharq El Awast
Mix Hollywood
Mix bel Araby
Showtime Comedy
Showtime Cinema
Showtime Aflam
Showtime Drama
Showtime Mosalslat
Showtime Film
Shababik Mosalslat
Shababik Drama
Shababik Cinema
Shababik Hekayat
Shababik Aflam
Shababik Classic
M Drama
M Cinema
M Aflam
M Classic
Home Aflam
Home Cinema
Home Drama
Masr Cinema
Masr Aflam
Masr Drama
Click Aflam
Click Cinema
Van Drama
Van Hekayat
Van Mosalsalat
Cartoon Network Arabic
Taxi TV
ONTV
Zee Aflam
Zee Alwan
Zee Masr
Time Sports
Watan TV
Azhari TV
IUC TV
Al Madeeh
Oscar TV
Fox Masr
Fatafeat
4Shbab
Zilzal Aflam
Zilzal Al Youm
Zilzal Cinema
Zilzal Classic
Zilzal Drama
Zilzal Mosalsalat
Al Deeb Drama
Al Deeb Aflam
=== Eritrea ===
Eri-TV
ERI TV Series Channel
ERI TV Sports
=== Ethiopia ===
Ethiopian Television 2
ETV Ethiopia
=== Libya ===
218TV
Libya's Channel TV
Libya Awalan
Libya International TV
Libya Alhadath TV
Libya 24
Libyan Business TV
Libya Al Ahrar
Libya One TV
Libya Al Riadhiya
Alnabaa TV
Tanasuh TV
Arraed TV
Fezzan TV
Misrata TV
Aljamahiriya TV
=== Mauritania ===
TV de Mauritanie
Mauritanie Series Channel
=== Morocco ===
Al Aoula
2M
Medi 1 TV
Arryadia
Athaqafia
Al Maghribia
Assadissa
Aflam TV
Télé Maroc
Chada TV
MBC 5
=== Somalia ===
sntv
Universal TV
ETN TV
SBC TV
Somali Channel
Shabelle TV
Horn Cable TV
Somaliland National Television
RTN
Puntland TV and Radio
=== South Africa ===
Deen TV
=== South Sudan ===
South Sudan Television
Ebony TV
=== Sudan ===
Sudan TV
Blue Nile
Khartoum
Omdurman
Sudan 24
Al Nielsen
Sudan Music
Al Shamalia TV
=== Tunisia ===
Tunisia Nat 1
Tunisia Nat 2
Attesiaa TV
El Hiwar El Tounousi
Tunisna
Carthage +
Al Janoubia TV
Al Insan TV
Nessma TV
Zaytouna TV
Hannibal TV
Telvza TV
== Europe ==
=== France ===
France 24 Arabic
TV5MONDE Maghreb-Orient (subtitles only)
=== United Kingdom ===
BBC Arabic
BBC First (subtitles only)
MTA 3
Al-Hiwar
== Asia ==
=== Bahrain ===
Bahrain TV
=== China ===
CGTN Arabic
=== Iran ===
Al-Ahvaz TV
Al Ahwaz TV
Ahwazna TV
Al-Alam News Network
Al-Kawthar TV
iFilm Arabic
=== Iraq ===
Rudaw Media Network
NRT News
K24
=== Israel ===
KAN 33
i24news Arabic
==== Former channels ====
Channel 33
=== Jordan ===
Roya TV
Roya Drama
Roya Comedy
Roya News
Roya Kids
Roya Sports
Roya Kitchen
Jordan TV
Jordan Sport TV
JoSat
Amman TV
Al-Mamlaka TV
M6 Jordan
W9 Jordan
6ter Jordan
M6 Music Jordan
ON Jordan
ON Food
ON Sport Jordan
ON Sport 2 Jordan
Ordoni TV
Jordan Channel 1
Jordan Channel 2
Jordan Channel 3
Jordan Channel 4
Jordan Channel 5
Al Farah TV
Amman Channel
Irbid Channel
Zarqa Channel
Ajloun Channel
Al Karak Channel
Maan Channel
Tafilah Channel
Mafraq Channel
Aqaba Channel
Al Salt Channel
Al-Faisaly TV
Al-Wehdat TV
Al Dar Jordan
Al Ghad TV
Al Ghad Sports
Norman TV
Amman Today TV
=== Kuwait ===
=== Lebanon ===
Current Channels:
Télé Liban
Télé Lumière
MTV Lebanon
One
OTV
LDC
LBC International
LBC Europe
LBC Sat
LBC Drama
LBC America
LDC TV
LBC Drama
Future TV
Future TV USA
Nagham
Arab Woman TV
NBN
ANB
Aghani TV
Hawacom
Al Mayadeen
Al Manar
Al Jadeed
Former Channels:
Kilikia
ICN
Mashrek
Antenne Plus
CVN
733
Future News
Star Academy 7/24
=== Oman ===
=== Palestine ===
Al-Quds Educational Channel QOU
Al-Aqsa TV
Palestinian Satellite Channel
Palestinian Series Channel
Palestinian Flash Channel
Qalara Harbor Channel
Al Khair Al Khaleej Channel
Al Quds Al-Yawm
Palestine Today
=== Saudi Arabia ===
OSN (Pay Television)
Rotana Channels
MBC
MBC 2
MBC 3
MBC 4
MBC Action
MBC Bollywood
MBC Drama
MBC FM
MBC Masr 2
MBC Max
SBC
Al Arabiya
Saudi Quran
Iqraa
Saudi TV
Fajer TV West Bank 1
Sana TV
Nabaa TV
Saudi Ajyal
Saudi TV 2
SA Family
Ajyal Saudi TV
Iqraa Africa-Europe
Selah TV
Seevii Drama
Seevii Alola
Nilat TV
Daleel TV
Al Mergab 2
Selevison HEVC 4K
Salman Alodah TV
Amasi TV
Burhan TV
Al Waka'a
Al Teeb TV
Saudi Primary
Saudi Intermediate
Saudi Secondary
Quran Hidayah
Kaifa TV
Torath
Jawan
Zad TV
Saudi Sports
Al Resalah Satellite Channel
Resalat Al Islam
Direct
IEN TV
Hajj 1436
SA News
Al Oprah TV
Prombed TV
Al Majd TV
Semsem TV
SA 24
Al Fursan TV
Eyaka Nabod
Ayaat
Mecca TV
Ajyal Saudi TV
Iqraa Alkhair
Al Oscar TV
Al Anbar TV
Al Khalej
Al Mydan
D1 Jeddah
Al Amaken Drama
22 TV
Al Adel
KSA Vision 2030
Weasl
Nickelodeon Arabia
Cartoon Network Arabic
Disney Channel Arabia
Al Fursan TV
Khaled Alrashed Video
Al Ma3ali Maali TV
Al Maja Islamic Science
Hajj 1436
Al Ikbariya
Saudi Sunna
Al Saha TV
Al Saha TV 2
Al Saha TV 3
Al Resalah TV
Hail TV
Wisal Hausa TV
Burhan TV
Al Soyoof
Al Hajj 2016
Alhurra TV
Al Danah
Al Hajj 2017
Saudi Al Haj
Seevii Aflam
Seevii TV
Seevii Prime 1
Seevii Prime 2
Seevii Prime 3
Seevii Shamiya
Seevii Ramadan
Seevii Be Link
Seevii Showcase
Seevii Kharabeesh
Romooz TV
Aali TV
Saudi Radio Neda
B4U Aflam
SA 24 Sport
Masdar TV
Shahamh TV
Cordoba Internacional
Seevii Documentary
Al Majd Islamic Hadeeth
IEN Doros TV
Bin Othaimeen TV
Oyoon Alwatan
Quraanka Hidaaya
Quran Hedayah Indonesia
Quran Hedayah Tagalog
Quran Hidayah Aboringines
Quran Hidayah Amazigh
Quran Hidayah Amharic
IEN Doros 1
IEN Doros 2
IEN Doros 3
IEN Doros 4
IEN Doros 5
IEN Doros 6
IEN Doros 7
IEN Doros 8
IEN Doros 9
KSA Cooking
EN TV
KSA Kids
Quran Hidayah Bengal
Quran Hidayah Chinese
Quran Hidayah English
Quran Hidayah Hindi
Quran Hidayah Persian
Quran Hidayah Sindhi
Quran Hidayah Sinhala
Quran Hidayah Urdu
Qurani Hidayah
Beity TV
Quran Channel
Smart TV
Rotana Cinema KSA
Zee KSA
Al Oprah TV
Al Khobar Flash Channel
=== Syria ===
Syria Television (On DVB-T System)
Syria Drama
Syrian News Channel (Syria Al Ekhbaria) (On DVB-T System)
Nour Al Sham
Syrian education TV (On DVB-T System)
Sakaker 24 (On DVB-T System)
Drama 24 (On DVB-T System)
Sports TV (On DVB-T System)
Syria TV SD
Syria TV HD
Lana TV
Lana TV HD
Lana Plus TV
Orient News
Halab Today TV
PubliTools
Sama TV
Al khabar TV
Massaya TV
Suroyo TV
=== Qatar ===
Qatar TV
Qatar TV HD
Al Jazeera
Al Jazeera Mubasher
Al Jazeera Documentary
Al Araby TV
Al Araby TV HD
Al Araby 2
Al Rayyan
Al Rayyan HD
Al Rayyan Al Qadim HD
Qatar Today
B4U Music Qatar
beIN SPORTS
beIN SPORTS News
beIN SPORTS 1
beIN SPORTS 2
beIN SPORTS 3
beIN SPORTS 4
beIN SPORTS 5
beIN SPORTS 6
beIN SPORTS 7
beIN SPORTS PREMIUM 1
beIN SPORTS PREMIUM 2
beIN SPORTS PREMIUM 3
beIN SPORTS XTRA 1
beIN SPORTS XTRA 2
beIN SPORTS AFC
beIN SPORTS AFC 1
beIN SPORTS AFC 2
beIN SPORTS AFC 3
beIN SPORTS AFC 4
beIN SPORTS MAX 1
beIN SPORTS MAX 2
beIN SPORTS MAX 3
beIN SPORTS MAX 4
beIN SPORTS MAX 5
beIN SPORTS MAX 6
beIN 4K
Alkass one
Alkass two
Alkass three
Alkass four
Alkass five
Alkass six
Alkass seven
Alkass eight
=== Turkey ===
TRT Al Arabiya
=== United Arab Emirates ===
Abu Dhabi TV
Drama (MENA TV channel)
Quest Arabiya
Sky News Arabia
Dubai TV
FOX Ruwayat
Zee Alwan
Zee Aflam
MBC 2 (Middle East and North Africa)
MBC 3
MBC 4
MBC Action
MBC Drama (Middle East and North Africa)
MBC Max
MBC Bollywood
FOX
FOX Movies
Spacetoon
Wanasah
Dubai Drama
Dubai Sport 1
Dubai Sport 2
Dubai One
Al Aan TV
Hala TV
Al Sabeeha TV
=== Yemen ===
Yemen TV
== References ==


Ray Leonard Brock Jr. (September 21, 1922 – September 26, 2002) was a justice of the Tennessee Supreme Court from 1974 to 1987, serving for a time as chief justice.
== Education and career ==
Born in McDonald, Tennessee, Brock attended the Citadel, the University of Tennessee in Knoxville and the University of Colorado, and then served in the U.S. Army during World War II, from 1942 to 1944. He received an LL.B. from Duke University in 1948 and entered the practice of law in Chattanooga, Tennessee the same year.
In 1963, Governor Frank G. Clement appointed Brock to a seat on the Hamilton County, Tennessee County Chancery Court, to which Brock was elected in 1964 and reelected in 1966, remaining in that position until his election to the Tennessee Supreme Court in 1974. On July 1, 1979, he was elected chief justice. He was reelected to the Supreme Court in 1982, remaining until his retirement on June 15, 1987.
== Personal life ==
Brock married Juanita Barker of Hixson, Tennessee, with whom he had two daughters. He died in a hospital in Chattanooga from diabetes, at the age of 80.
== References ==


Nanjing Municipal Museum (Chinese: 南京市博物館; pinyin: Nánjīng shì Bówùguǎn), the city museum of Nanjing, is a comprehensive museum of history and art, located inside Chaotian Palace. The museum was formally established in 1978 and is a key historical and cultural site.
With rich and exquisite cultural relics, the museum holds exhibitions such as “Treasures in Nanjing Municipal Museum”, “the Feature of the Six Dynasties”, “Nanjing: The Capital of Ming Dynasty ”, “Nanjing: A Home for Royalty”, “Seven Overseas Voyages by Zheng He”, “Archaeological Achievements in Ten Years ”, etc.
== See also ==
Nanjing Museum
List of museums in China
== References ==
== External links ==
Official website (in Chinese and English)


Bernard Benny Ray (born Benjamin Shamrayevsky, November 18, 1895 - December 10, 1964) was a Russian-born American film producer and director. He is closely associated with the production of low-budget B films of Poverty Row, involved with companies such as Reliable Pictures during the 1930s.
In some film credits, like Rio Rattler (1935), he has used the pseudonym "Franklin Shamray".
== Death ==
On December 10, 1964, after what appears to have been a long illness, Ray died of undisclosed causes at the Motion Picture Country Home Hospital. He was preceded in death by his wife Georgia Mae Tallant, to whom he was married between 1927 and 1958.
== Selected filmography ==
== References ==
== Further reading ==
"Now or Never". Cumberland Evening Times. June 21, 1935. p. 12
== Bibliography ==
Michael R. Pitts. Poverty Row Studios, 1929–1940: An Illustrated History of 55 Independent Film Companies, with a Filmography for Each. McFarland & Company, 2005.
== External links ==
Bernard B. Ray at IMDb


Aftermath of the Lowdown is the third solo studio album by Richie Sambora which was released in Japan on September 12, 2012, in the United Kingdom on September 17, and in the United States on September 18, 2012 as digital download and on September 25, 2012 as physical CD (digisleeve format). For the first time in his 30-year career, Sambora signed with an independent label, Dangerbird.
== Release and promotion ==
To promote the album, Sambora and his band appeared as the house band on The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson for the first week in December 2012.
The album charted at No. 10 on the Top Hard Rock Albums chart, No. 34 on the Top Independent Albums chart, No. 149 on the Billboard 200 and No. 35 on the UK Albums Chart.
The track "Every Road Leads Home to You" was released as a single for the album and features a music video. The song is also featured as one of the bonus tracks on Bon Jovi's 2013 album What About Now. A special edition single, "I'll Always Walk Beside You'" featuring Alicia Keys was released as the second single of the album. All the profits from the sale of the special edition single goes to the ongoing recovery efforts of The Red Cross for the devastation from Hurricane Sandy. The track "Sugar Daddy" was released as a promo single and a music video was made for the song "Taking a Chance on the Wind".
A song named "Forgiveness Street" was thought to be planned as a bonus track on the Japan CD, but was later dropped.
== Editions ==
The worldwide version of the album features 11 tracks and the Japanese version features 12 tracks including "Backseat Driver" as a bonus track. There were 6 special packages for sale on Richie's official website:
the physical digisleeve CD and the digital download;
the physical digisleeve CD, the digital download, a Richie's T-shirt and a limited edition autographed lithography;
a zip up hoodie, the physical digisleeve CD, the digital download and a limited edition autographed lithography;
the Limited Edition Deluxe Box Set which features a 13 3/4" x 12 1/2" bonded leather smith sewn book with an embossed Richie Sambora image on the cover along with a 2 color foil stamp of Richie's custom guitar strap, the entire record over 3 sides of 180 gram vinyl with the 4th side featuring an etching of the Richie Sambora silhouette, the compact disc, 16 pages of photography from famed photographer James Minchin as well as an autographed lithograph taken from those sessions and a Richie's T-shirt;
the Limited Edition Deluxe Box Set which features a 13 3/4" x 12 1/2" bonded leather smith sewn book with an embossed Richie Sambora image on the cover along with a 2 color foil stamp of Richie's custom guitar strap, the entire record over 3 sides of 180 gram vinyl with the 4th side featuring an etching of the Richie Sambora silhouette, the compact disc, 16 pages of photography from famed photographer James Minchin as well as an autographed lithograph taken from those sessions, in addition to the box set this bundle includes the Richie Sambora zip up hoodie.
== Track listing ==
From Dangerbird records.
== Personnel ==
Richie Sambora – lead vocals, guitars
Luke Ebbin – programming, keyboards, backing vocals
Roger Joseph Manning, Jr. – keyboards
Matt Rollings – acoustic piano, organ
Rusty Anderson – additional guitars
Curt Schneider – bass
Aaron Sterling – drums, percussion
=== Production ===
Phil Cassens – A&R
Luke Ebbin – producer
Richie Sambora – producer
Bryan Cook – engineer
Curt Schneider – engineer, mixing (4, 8, 9, 11)
Chris Thompson – engineer, mixing (7)
Tchad Blake – mixing (1, 6)
Andrew Scheps – mixing (2, 3, 5, 10)
Brendan Dekora – assistant engineer
Eric Denniston – assistant engineer
Rouble Kapoor – assistant engineer
Scott Moore – assistant engineer
Ben O'Neill – assistant engineer
Vanessa Parr – assistant engineer
David Schwerkolt – assistant engineer
Wesley Seidman – assistant engineer
Stephen Marcussen – mastering at Marcussen Mastering (Hollywood, California)
Willy Donica – guitar technician
Takumi Suetsugu – guitar technician
Darren Craig – art direction
James Minchin III – photography
Joel Roman – management
== Charts ==
== References ==


The Bells of the Old Town (Swedish: Klockorna i Gamla sta'n) is a 1946 Swedish drama film directed by Ragnar Hyltén-Cavallius and starring Edvard Persson, George Fant and Elsie Albiin. It was shot at the Sundbyberg Studios of Europa Film in Stockholm. The film's sets were designed by the art director Max Linder. It was the first Swedish feature film to be shot in colour, using the Cinecolor process.
== Synopsis ==
Carl Magnus Berg is a kind-hearted bailiff operating in the Old Town of Stockholm. He takes pity on a struggling jazz musician and his girlfriend Karin.
== Cast ==
Edvard Persson as Carl Magnus Berg
George Fant as 	Bengt Florin
Elsie Albiin as Karin
Gunnel Broström as 	Harriet von Borch
Gösta Cederlund as 	Johan Fredrik Morén
Torsten Hillberg as 	Chief bailiff
Axel Högel as 	Fager
John Norrman as 	Efraim Nilsson
Aurore Palmgren as 	Mrs. Karlsson
Ulla Wikander as 	Irma
Harry Ahlin as 	Jochum
Gösta Gustafson as 	Smygen Eriksson
Åke Jensen as 	Ebbe
Jarl Hamilton as 	Claes
Greta Liming as 	Anne-Grethe
Ebba Wrede as 	Flapper #1
Marie-Louise Martins as 	Flapper #2
Elsa Ebbesen as 	Mrs. Nilsson
Olga Appellöf as 	Hildur Larsson
Gabriel Alw as 	Debt Collector
Wiktor Andersson as 	Distrainor
Erland Colliander as 	Distrainor
Hartwig Fock as 	Distrainor
Georg Fernqvist as 	Janitor
Robert Ryberg as 	Maître d'
Ingvar Kjellson as 	Guest at the Party
== References ==
== Bibliography ==
Qvist, Per Olov & von Bagh, Peter. Guide to the Cinema of Sweden and Finland. Greenwood Publishing Group, 2000.
Sundholm, John. Historical Dictionary of Scandinavian Cinema. Scarecrow Press, 2012.
== External links ==
The Bells of the Old Town at IMDb


Madhawa Nimesh (born 5 February 1996) is a Sri Lankan cricketer. He made his first-class debut for Panadura Sports Club in Tier B of the 2016–17 Premier League Tournament on 2 December 2016. He made his List A debut for Kalutara District in the 2016–17 Districts One Day Tournament on 22 March 2017.
== References ==
== External links ==
Madhawa Nimesh at ESPNcricinfo


Robert Treat Paine Jr. (December 9, 1773 – November 13, 1811) was an American poet and editor. He was the second son of Robert Treat Paine, signer of the Declaration of Independence. Born Thomas Paine (after his paternal grandfather), he changed his name to that of his recently deceased older brother in 1801, in part as a tribute to his father and in part to avoid confusion with the more famous Thomas Paine, the revolutionary pamphleteer, who was unpopular at that time. He received bachelor's and master's degrees from Harvard University, for whose commencement ceremonies he wrote a number of pieces.
== Works ==
Among his works are:
"The Invention of Letters" commencement verse delivered at Harvard University; described the history of thought, eulogized George Washington and attacked Jacobins (1795).
The Ruling Passion (1796), the "longest and most perfect of all his poetical productions", according to his biographer Charles Prentiss.
"Adams and Liberty", the author's most famous work, sung throughout the country, praising America's independence from European tyranny (1798). The lyrics were designed to be sung to the tune of "To Anacreon in Heaven" (which tune was later used for "The Star-Spangled Banner", the American national anthem).
Communication on the Boston Female Asylum. Boston Gazette, April 1, 1802. (Reprinted in 1812 in The Works, in Verse and Prose..., p. 344 et seq.)
The Works, in Verse and Prose, of the Late Robert Treat Paine, Jun. Esq. With Notes. To which are prefixed, sketches of his life, character and writings, Boston: printed and published by J. Belcher; posthumously published (1812), with poems in such genres as political satire, drama criticism, neoclassical verse and spiritual prose, all selected by Charles Prentiss; contains "Philenia to Menander" by Sarah Wentworth Apthorp Morton.
== Further reading ==
A Boston Dramatic Critic. Proceedings of the Massachusetts Historical Society, Third Series, Vol. 59 (Oct. 1925 – June 1926) – about Robert Treat Paine Jr.
== References ==
 Media related to Robert Treat Paine, Jr. at Wikimedia Commons


Urša Pintar (born 3 October 1985) is a Slovenian racing cyclist, who rides for UCI Women's WorldTeam BTC City Ljubljana. She has competed in the women's road race, at the UCI Road World Championships, on ten occasions between 2012 and 2022.
== Major results ==
Source: 
== References ==
== External links ==
Urša Pintar at UCI
Urša Pintar at Cycling Archives
Urša Pintar at ProCyclingStats
Urša Pintar at Cycling Quotient


Volkert Van Buren House is a historic home located near Fulton in Oswego County, New York.  It is a Federal style structure constructed about 1832.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
== References ==


In enzymology, a nucleoside phosphoacylhydrolase (EC 3.6.1.24) is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
Hydrolyses mixed phospho-anhydride bonds
This enzyme belongs to the family of hydrolases, specifically those acting on acid anhydrides in phosphorus-containing anhydrides.  The systematic name of this enzyme class is nucleoside-5'-phosphoacylate acylhydrolase.
== References ==
Spahr PF, Gesteland RF (1970). "Purification and properties of a new enzyme from Escherichia coli: nucleoside phosphocyl hydrolase". Eur. J. Biochem. 12 (2): 270–84. doi:10.1111/j.1432-1033.1970.tb00847.x. PMID 4318904.


Eclecticism in architecture is a 19th and 20th century architectural style in which a single piece of work incorporates eclecticism, a mixture of elements from previous historical styles to create something that is new and original. In architecture and interior design, these elements may include structural features, furniture, decorative motives, distinct historical ornament, traditional cultural motifs or styles from other countries, with the mixture usually chosen based on its suitability to the project and overall aesthetic value.
The term is also used of the many architects of the 19th and early 20th centuries who designed buildings in a variety of styles according to the wishes of their clients, or their own. The styles were typically revivalist, and each building might be mostly or entirely consistent within the style selected, or itself an eclectic mixture. Gothic Revival architecture, especially in churches, was most likely to strive for a relatively "pure" revival style from a particular medieval period and region, while other revived styles such as Neoclassical, Baroque, Palazzo style, Jacobethan, Romanesque and many others were likely to be treated more freely. 
== History ==
Eclecticist architecture came into practice during the late 19th century, as architects sought a style that would allow them to retain previous historic precedent, but create unseen designs. From a complete catalogue of past styles, the ability to mix and combine styles allowed for more expressive freedom and provided an endless source of inspiration. Whilst other design professionals (referred to as 'revivalists') aimed to meticulously imitate past styles, Eclecticism differed, as the main driving force was creation, not nostalgia and there was a desire for the designs to be original.
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
=== Europe ===
Eclectic architecture first appeared across continental Europe in various countries such as France (Beaux-Arts architecture), England (Victorian architecture) and Germany (Gründerzeit), in response to the growing push amongst architects to have more expressive freedom over their work.
The École des Beaux-Arts in Paris, considered to be one of the first professional architectural schools, trained students in a rigorous and academic manner, equipping them with skills and professional prestige. Teachers at the École were some of the leading architects in France, and this new method of teaching was so successful, that it attracted students from across the globe. Many of the graduates went on to become pioneers of the movement, and used their Beaux-Arts training as a foundation for new eclectic designs.
Whilst the practise of this style of architecture was widespread (and could be seen in many town halls constructed at the time), eclecticism in Europe did not achieve the same level of enthusiasm that was seen in America – as it was assumed that the presence of old, authentic architecture, reduced the appeal of historical imitation in new buildings.
=== North America ===
The end of the 19th century saw a profound shift in North American Architecture. Architects educated at the École des Beaux-Arts in Paris, such as Richard Morris Hunt and Charles Follen McKim were responsible for bringing the beaux-arts approach back from Europe, which was said to be the cornerstone of eclectic architecture in North America. At a time of increasing prosperity and commercial pride, many eclectic buildings were commissioned in large cities around the USA. The style thrived, as it introduced historical features, previously only seen in the aristocratic architecture of European countries such as Britain and France, contributing to a richer sense of culture and history within the USA. In the case of Hunt and many other eclectic architects, his 'typically eclectic viewpoint' enabled him to make stylistic choices based on whatever suited the particular project or the client. This flexibility to adapt, and to blend freely between styles gave eclectic designers more appeal to clients.
The creation of skyscrapers and other large public spaces such as churches, courthouses, city halls, public libraries and movie theatres, meant that eclectic design was no longer only for members of high-society, but was also accessible to the general public. While some of these buildings have since been demolished (including the original Pennsylvania station and the first Madison Square garden—both in New York City), projects that remain from this era are still valued as some of the most important structures in the USA.
=== Spread ===
Some of the most extreme examples of eclectic design could be seen onboard ocean liners (which at the time were the primary form of overseas transport). The lavish interiors were crafted with a mix of traditional styles—in an attempt to ease the discomfort of months abroad and to create the illusion of established grandeur.
At a similar time, such vessels were being used to transport colonists to undeveloped areas of the world. The colonisation of such areas, further spread the Eclectic architecture of the western world, as newly settled colonists built structures commonly featuring Roman classicism and Gothic motifs.
To a lesser extent, Eclecticism appeared across Asia, as Japanese and Chinese architects who had trained at American Beaux-Arts influenced schools, returned to produce eclectic designs across Asia such as the Bank of Japan (1895) by Tatsuno Kingo. The so-called Indo-Saracenic Revival architecture, which added details from traditional Indian architecture, mostly Mughal architecture, to essentially Western forms of public buildings and palaces, was an inherently eclectic style. Most of the architects were British.
=== Critical reception ===
As a style that offered so much creative freedom, and no guiding rules, the risk of creating an unsuccessful design was apparent to all. Projects that failed to harmoniously blend the different styles were subject to criticism from professionals (particularly those who opposed the movement).
=== Decline ===
Enthusiasm for historical imitation began to decline in the 1930s and eclecticism was phased out in the curriculums of design schools, in favour of a new style. The shift towards Late Modernism, Postmodernism, Brutalism, Art Deco and Streamline Moderne was significant as it was seen by many as avant-garde and the new technology and materials being produced at the time allowed for greater innovation. Despite the move away from eclecticism, the era still remains historically significant as it "re-opened the doors to innovation and new forms" for architecture in the following years.
== Interior design ==
The rise in eclectic architecture created a need for interior specialists who had the skill, understanding and knowledge of past historical styles, to produce suitable accompanying interiors. This resulted in the emergence of interior designer as a regarded profession. Prominent interior designers in this era (between the late 19th and early 20th century) include Elsie De Wolfe, Rose Cumming, Nancy McClelland, Elsie Cobb Wilson, Francis Elkins, Surie Maugham and Dorothy Draper. Whilst the clientele of these early designers consisted exclusively of wealthy families and businesses, the works of such decorators were regularly featured in popular publications such as House and Garden, House Beautiful, and the Ladies Home Journal. Publishing the lavish interiors of these magnificent homes helped to spread the eclectic style to the middle classes, and less extravagant imitations or the incorporation of similar decorative elements became a desirable feature in domestic decoration. Aesthetic preferences varied from region to region across America, with Spanish styles being favoured in California, and elements of American Colonial architecture being popular in New England.
== Contemporary context ==
In contemporary society, styles that draw from many different cultural and historical styles are loosely described as "eclectic" though references to eclectic architecture within literature and media are usually about buildings constructed within the eclectic movement of the late 19th-early 20th century period.
== Eclectic architects ==
Daniel Burnham
Alexander Jackson Davis
William Rutherford Mead
Richard Norman Shaw
Stanford White
== See also ==
Eclecticism in art
Historicism (art)
Neo-eclectic architecture
Ottoman architecture in the 19th–20th centuries
== References ==
== External links ==
 Media related to Eclectic architecture at Wikimedia Commons


Vice Squad Dick is a collaborative EP by Foetus and Chrome Cranks, released in 1994 by PCP Entertainment. The title track depicts a cartoonish distillation of the life of a detective and is a cover of a track that was allegedly recorded in 1979 by Dick Uranus.
== Track listing ==
== Personnel ==
Adapted from the Vice Squad Dick liner notes.
Chrome Cranks – vocals, instruments, production and engineering (2, 4)
J. G. Thirlwell (as Foetus) – vocals, instruments, production and engineering (1, 3)
== Release history ==
== References ==
== External links ==
Vice Squad Dick at Discogs (list of releases)
Vice Squad Dick at foetus.org


Inge Müller (born Inge Meyer) (13 March 1925 – 1 June 1966) was an East German author and the second wife of East German playwright Heiner Müller.
== Life ==
Inge Müller was born in Berlin in 1925.  During World War II, she participated in the Reichsarbeitsdienst in different towns in Styria until she would be sent to Berlin as a Luftwaffe aide.  Her parents died in an air strike. They lay buried together under rubble for three days with a dog. This was a traumatic experience which would accompany Inge for the rest of her life.
In the post war era, she was a secretary, Trümmerfrau, a worker, a journalist and a correspondent.  Her first marriage to Kurt Loose lasted only a short time but produced a son.  Already by 1948, she married Herbert Schwenker who was the leader of the variety theatre Friedrichstadtpalast and later the Circus Busch.  She became a member of the SED and lived  in Lehnitz, a district of the town of Oranienburg, from 1954 until 1959 where she enjoyed a privileged and unburdened existence.
In autumn of 1953, she became acquainted with Heiner Müller at a function of the Young Authors Working Group (Arbeitsgemeinschaft Junger Autoren).  She soon afterwards moved into a shared apartment with him and they were married in 1955.  The pair, who now earned their money as freelance writers, worked together on radio drama and theater pieces.
However, Inge Müller's dream of working together with Heiner as equals soon began to fade.  She stood in the shadow of Heiner, who considered her more a coworker rather than as an equal partner.  She began an affair with Heiner's 16-year-old brother Wolfgang Müller in 1956 which failed and relations with her husband worsened noticeably. The awarding of the Heinrich Mann Prize to the both of them in 1959 did nothing to improve the situation.  In addition, the expulsion of Heiner from the authors union of the GDR (Schriftstellerverband der DDR) compounded these problems.  Plagued by depressions and psychosomatic troubles she attempted suicide several times.  She ultimately died by suicide on 1 June 1966.  Only 41 years old, the writer died in her apartment on Kissingenplatz 12 of medication overdose and poisonous gas.  The Aufbau Verlag made a futile endeavour to publish a volume with her poetry shortly after her death.  Her works quickly passed into oblivion because a suicide did not fit in the literary picture of East German politics and, also, Heiner reclaimed the sole authorship of the collaboration.  The first posthumous publication of her works was carried out by Bernd Jentzsch in 1976 in his first series Poesiealbum, first appeared in 1985, 20 years after her death, a book, which made accessible Inge Müller's literary work of broad public nature, with Richard Pietraß' Wenn ich schon sterben muß.
Her final resting place is in Friedhof Pankow III, a cemetery in Berlin.
== Works ==
In her lifetime, Inge Müller published only a little among them the children's books Wölfchen Ungestüm (1955) and Zehn Jungen und ein Fischerdorf (1958), the emancipating and time relevant radio drama Die Weiberbrigade and the collaboration with Wiktor Rosows Auf dem Wege.  Many stayed only fragments like the novel Ich Jona.  With Heiner Müller, she created the dramas Der Lohndrücker (1956), Die Umsiedlerin (1956), Die Korrektur (1957), Klettwitzer Bericht (1958) and Unterwegs (1963).
She had remained above all a poet.  Although nearly 300 lyrical works were created in her lifetime, only a few were published, mostly in the anthology In diesem besseren Land.
== References ==
== Literature ==
Biographies:
Ines Geipel: Dann fiel auf einmal der Himmel um. Henschel Verlag 2002, ISBN 3894874171
Review of 'Dann fiel...' http://www.zeit.de/2005/37/L-Inge_M_9fller in German
Sonja Hilzinger: Das Leben fängt heute an. Aufbau Verlag Berlin 2005, ISBN 3351025858
Works published:
Richard Pietraß (Editor): Wenn ich schon sterben muß. Aufbau Verlag Berlin 1985, ISBN 3351004494
Sonja Hilzinger (Editor): Daß ich nicht ersticke am Leisesein. Aufbau Verlag Berlin 2002, ISBN 3351029373


Mistake is the third studio album by American indie rock band D+, released in 2002.
== Track listing ==
"Mistake" – 4:40
"The Business" – 3:44
"God Beyond God" – 5:53
"Are You Done" – 0:53
"Megadose" – 2:37
"What's Not To Fall In Love With" – 4:42
"You're So Right" – 3:27
"Take You For Granted" – 3:53
== Personnel ==
Bret Lunsford
Karl Blau – bass, vocals
Phil Elvrum
D+ – Recording
Liz Guy/Sprout – viola
Dave Matthies – additional recording
== References ==

